Yes, you will need to go to their website to download version 4.55 or above of the CH Control Manager program, then you'll be all set. Find it here: http://www.chproducts.com/13-29170-Downloads-and-Community.php
I googled the question and found many forums of users using both the CH yoke and pedals for racing games. So yes they can be use for racing. - Dave
4 inches. They are also at an awkward angle which is quite tasking during extended sessions.
I don't think so.  My son and husband use this for flight simulator and they seem pleased with it.
Yep. They're a bit small and certainly take some getting used to but they're accurate and work very well once you get them setup properly within the game. I use them for roll and use the xml route to set bindings which is a bit more complex than the in-game interface but it's more fully featured. 1 to 10, I'd give them a 6 or 7. There is much much better, but not for around a hundred bucks. Saitek's pedals are good too but they don't integrate with CH software which is one huge bonus for the whole CH line of gear.Good luck and see you in the verse.
No.  The cable is hard-wired into the pedal base.  The wires are very delicate, and would be difficult to reattach.  It'd void the warranty.  They are great pedals.  I'd just coil up the excess cable and secure it with tape or a zip tie.
i actually do use these for Elite Dangerous and i have them set as yaw.. they work perfectly and needed no additional help or deadzone. they are spot on right out of the box.
I suppose that if you buy it, you know what's it's for, that is to use with a plane simulator (the Joystick is used for pitch and roll control, and pedals for rudder/yaw control); Depending of what sort of sim. software you use, settings for this devise is generaly in the same control panel than the joystick one. On Windows you'll perhaps need to installe the drivers for it (for Mac nothing to do, as usual, it runs)
Yes, no problem
As long as it has a USB port it should work fine.  Windows xp and windows 7 work fine, I'm sure windows 8 should work as well.
Windows 7 does NOT like the device driver for that game.  CFS 2 and 3 work under Win 7 and the joystick works FINE for them and all other games I have - including the Battlefield series including 3 and 4, but the first CFS game does NOT work with that joystick.  I have searched for a solution but they are complicated and do not seem to work.
The thrustmaster t16000 is much more precise as it uses magnetic hall sensors.  These are not only more precise but more durable (hall sensors are used in commercial machinery).
yes mine is. but be careful some are not. the old models are not usb
The microsoft Sidewinder Precision 2 joystick works great, and has all the functionality it needs.  What I really love about that joystick is it lasts forever.  I've been through many joysticks and I've had really bad luck with newer, digital joysticks.  If you take apart the sidewinder you will see it's an analog joystick and personally it seems to last much longer even treating it harshly.
Sorry, I have no idea. Had mine for 5 years but I'm running XP. It works OK on that OS. Good luck.
The Saitek X52 is an awesome value with good performance.  There are some longivity issues but it's still a good setup that offers the most features for the money, great for a first timer.CH Products aren't as flashy and modern looking but tend to last a long time and have excellent sensitivity and accuracy.  The CH software is also very lightweight on resources and offers good programing and the ability to combine multiple devices into one virtual joystick for compatibility with more programs.  CH also has a helpful fan base and third party forums, search for CH Hangar in Google.
Yes it can. I really can't recommend the CH Products enough. I own the Fighterstick, Pro Throttle, and Pro Pedals. I know several people using this setup on Windows 8. Just head over to the CH Hanger for any assistance.
The default model is right hand only, but I have seen a left hand version.  I am not sure where it came from.
Yes
I cannot help with a direct answer to your question, John S., but I would contact CH directly and ask them.  In particular a fellow named Jon Soucy <jsoucy@chproducts.com> who is a sales rep for the company was very helpful.  Although I ultimately had to return the product as faulty the company stood by its product and I suspect that if there is an operating manual available he would help you to find it.  Sorry I cannot be more helpful but good luck to you.
Yes, you can feel it centering. You can feel the springs stop fighting you.
Do not have any problems, but I don't use that often.
My experience is that the connection technology doesn't last 10 years.  I replaced mine when I couldn't find a good adaptor to switch from the old pins to USB.  The old one probably still works fine if my newer computer had a port for it.
No twist axis. It's a great joystick, rugged and reliable but a twist axis would be nice. Software is easy to use.
I am not there but I will throw in a few things on this. This stick has very very short throw buttons on it. Even the main trigger move very little when pressed. They all have very little throw to them but It makes it easy to trigger actions. They are mechinical switches so there wouldn't be a way to freeze/lock all of them that I can think of.  Hope this helps.
That's what I thought. But sadly, no.
It is a replacement break-away cable for original xbox controllers.
Unfortunately no. An original Xbox console controller is required. The cable worked great for my needs though.
Sorry. I dont know.  I have the original x box
I don't know I am not the seller. I purchase this item for the original x-Box
Hi,  No, you need to play it on a pc or laptop or tablet with a Windows or Macintosh operating system.  Thanks for asking.
yes it will but not mac computers and I cant use the one I bought .
I couldnt get it to run on my windows 7...kept freezing and locking up the computer.  Don't know if I had a defective disc or what but I ended up sending mine back.
I can't get Reader Rabbit to run on my windows computers XP or later.  I don't know what OSX is.  I am disappointed because my children loved reader rabbit and my grandson did too.
No. It doesn't even work on newer Windows 7 or 8. Don't buy this crap.
No
It is a CD
No... it's a great product, but it doesn't run on Windows 7 or 8.  You'll need an older Windows XP to run it.  I wish the publisher would revamp it for the newer OS.
No. It plugs into the same port as a wired GBA link cable, so it only works with Game Boy Advance, Game Boy Advance SP and Game Boy Player. If you want to access multiplayer functions of Game Boy Advance games, you'll need those systems or a Game Boy Micro with a special adaptor.
Yes
No. You'd need a Game Boy Color link cable (or Game Boy universal link cable), which is going to be hard to find as there are so many knock-offs. A genuine Nintendo cable will say 'Nintendo' near at least one of the ends. If you can't find one, trading Pokémon is possible using multiple N64 Transfer Paks and Pokémon Stadium 2, but for other games, you may be out of luck.
This GBA wireless adapter is for the Gameboy Advance and Gameboy Advance systems (not compatible with the GBA Micro), and replaces the GBA link cable for games that support it, most commonly Pokemon Emerald, Pokemon Fire Red, and Pokemon Leaf Green.
I would assume so.
Yes it does.
Ever heard of practise? Controllers are for noobs.
I am on the same situation with the Palm Tungsten T5. They never mentioned Palm OS as compatible :-(
check here http://forums.wireless.att.com/t5/Samsung/Blackjack-2-Wi-Fi/td-p/1443125/page/3
HDMI cable will not fit under this monster cable
No, it isn't a HDMI cable.  It has a bigger end which the older Xbox 360's (white ones) have.
If you are using a TV with a component video input (Red, Blue, Green) then it will work but if it does not then it will not. This is a component only cable. I would recommend going with a cheaper composite option if your TV doesn't have a component video input.
No.  You have a choice of single play, or 3,4,5,10,15,25,50 and 100 play.
Yes it will work with any wii remote,it also worked with mine
The packaging on the items I received did not look like the one pictured. The packaging was listed as Wii U and Nyko is the manufacturer.  My guess is that is will work with the Nyko Charge station but I have the old school Wii charging station so it did not work.
When I ordered it, it was just one battery and no choice of colors for the back.
I'm not sure what Wii Plus remotes is. The one I purchased for is the Wii remotes that came with my Wii. My Wii is the first one that came out, sorry I really don't know if it works on the Wii Plus.
One. And make you speicify what color you want too.
Well, neither the guide nor the game developers really say what the best time is, but I've found that when I go fishing, there tend to be more bites on rainy days at any time, and on sunny days from about 7-9am and 6-10pm. Also, I tend to get the most bites in the river on the farm, just below the chicken coop and nearby the bridge. This may not be true for everyone, it just seems to be the case when I play. Hope this helps!
watch the t.v.
Yes, without any issues
I haven't had the issue at all and I've had it for 2 years. by reading reviews I think it was solved in fall 2008.
Thanks Yves-As it turns out, I did not load the Saitek drivers. I don't know if loading them would make any difference, but the yoke seems to be working perfectly.
no, 45 degree rotation
"Not sure what exactly you're asking. This comes with the yoke and one 3-lever throttle. The other ""instruments""  from Saitek (ADI, Heading, Alt) as well as the Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals are sold separately"
My yoke doesn't bind. Sensitivity is adjustable within the software. Mechanically speaking, mine works fine.
Yes it will work as it is not the system that will cause it not to work it is the game/program that you might have problems' with.
Hello, The rudder pedals operate different axis so ideally this should work, however since they are both different third party drivers there is a slight possibility that there maybe a conflict.
No problems so far.  All features are working perfectly so I'm afraid I can't be much help.
You mean Guitar Hero 5?
If you play them without the xbox then they won't sound like drums. It'll just sound like sticks hitting a rubber surface. So technically you could, but it wouldn't be anywhere close to a real set. Now if you play them WITH the xbox it will sound more authentic, because depending on which game you use to play it might have an option for Free Style which would allow the user to play the drums like a real set without having to play to a specific song.
No, the Rock Band 2/3 drum set is wireless.
The picture I see is an Rock Band 1 and the cymbals will not work. The Rock Band I bought my grandson is a Rock Band drum set 2 and battery operated and the cymbals will work on it for the XBOX 360. Hope that was helpful to you!
Yes it is. I have Band Hero, Rockband 1&2, Beatles, and Guitar Hero Metallica, and the set works with all of them.
To be honest I've never had this problem but my best advice would be to either contact EA or I know on YouTube they have serial codes for the base game and expansions so you could also try that but there's no guarantee that could work, worse case scenario is you return the game and purchase a new copy. Hope I cou help.~Hannah
Yes. My daughter has windows 7 and it works fine.
As long as the manual is included, then you will have the proper serial# for install. Be sure to check each seller's listing to verify what is included.
It does not work well on Windows 8.
Yes, I have it installed and running on a Windows 7 Pro 64bit PC
Yes it is.
Yes..  I have a family i made and i made the mom n dad woohoo or try for a baby and u will here a baby noise or somethin..  Then as u play she throws up n stuff n belly get big and then have the baby
Yes. I have run all expansion packs on an old Compaq with 2GB Memory and it did OK; we are currently running on a Dell laptop with 3GB Memory and it does just fine.I would not expect you to have any trouble.
"Mari, I don't know. I run the game on Windows 7. I did have to bypass the Launcher to play the game.A Google search does reveal issues with running Sim2 on Windows 8 (and possibly 8.1) that date back to 2013.I did ultimately find a link to the ""Mod The Sims"" website (http://modthesims.info/t/500523) where they describe a process of doing a clean reinstall of the game and setting each installed expansion pack to run in Compatbility Mode for Windows XP, Service Pack 2 (not Service Pack 3), see the link for details if interested.Launcher bypass method here: http://answers.ea.com/t5/The-Sims-2/Sims-2-Double-Deluxe-Launcher-Crash/td-p/2005641Regards,Paul



    Mari, I don't know. I run the game on Windows 7. I did have to bypass the Launcher to play the game.A Google search does reveal issues with running Sim2 on Windows 8 (and possibly 8.1) that date back to 2013.I did ultimately find a link to the ""Mod The Sims"" website (http://modthesims.info/t/500523) where they describe a process of doing a clean reinstall of the game and setting each installed expansion pack to run in Compatbility Mode for Windows XP, Service Pack 2 (not Service Pack 3), see the link for details if interested.Launcher bypass method...
      » 
Read More


   Mari, I don't know. I run the game on Windows 7. I did have to bypass the Launcher to play the game.A Google search does reveal issues with running Sim2 on Windows 8 (and possibly 8.1) that date back to 2013.I did ultimately find a link to the ""Mod The Sims"" website (http://modthesims.info/t/500523) where they describe a process of doing a clean reinstall of the game and setting each installed expansion pack to run in Compatbility Mode for Windows XP, Service Pack 2 (not Service Pack 3), see the link for details if interested.Launcher bypass method here: http://answers.ea.com/t5/The-Sims-2/Sims-2-Double-Deluxe-Launcher-Crash/td-p/2005641Regards,Paul
      « 

Show Less"
"I bought this keyboard even after reading some of the complaints.  It's great.  Some seldom used key combinations have issues.  The one problematic key combination is CTL+R+any key.  CTL+R does work fine though. Some use CTL to crouch in games (I use ALT) so you can see where CTL+R+W migt be an issue. http://prosperouspoverty.blogspot.com/2009/02/microsoft-sidewinder-x6-gaming-keyboard.html has a great write up on the board and addresses concerns for purchasers including the problematic key combinations.  The noise about the lack of height adjusters on the back IMO is over blown since the board slopes slightly upwards.  Additionally the non removable hand rest is higher than my Saitek Elcipse was so I haven't had a problem.  This was my one main concern and I thought worse case I would put something under to slant it but I haven't had to.



    I bought this keyboard even after reading some of the complaints. It's great. Some seldom used key combinations have issues. The one problematic key combination is CTL+R+any key. CTL+R does work fine though. Some use CTL to crouch in games (I use ALT) so you can see where CTL+R+W migt be an issue. http://prosperouspoverty.blogspot.com/2009/02/microsoft-sidewinder-x6-gaming-keyboard.html has a great write up on the board and addresses concerns for purchasers including the problematic key combinations. The noise about the lack of height adjusters on the back IMO is over blown since...
      » 
Read More


   I bought this keyboard even after reading some of the complaints.  It's great.  Some seldom used key combinations have issues.  The one problematic key combination is CTL+R+any key.  CTL+R does work fine though. Some use CTL to crouch in games (I use ALT) so you can see where CTL+R+W migt be an issue. http://prosperouspoverty.blogspot.com/2009/02/microsoft-sidewinder-x6-gaming-keyboard.html has a great write up on the board and addresses concerns for purchasers including the problematic key combinations.  The noise about the lack of height adjusters on the back IMO is over blown since the board slopes slightly upwards.  Additionally the non removable hand rest is higher than my Saitek Elcipse was so I haven't had a problem.  This was my one main concern and I thought worse case I would put something under to slant it but I haven't had to.
      « 

Show Less"
For me it worked in Battlefield 4 in the search menu. The touch pad didn't work though.
No. Sorry, Just double checked with my PS2. That controller is too small to accomodate, configured differently and is not wireless.
The key does not light up, there are 3 or 4 small lights around the edges, but those only tell you either it's charging or its on.  You cannot see the buttons in the dark.  Like any key pad, you will get use to where the buttons are over time but this pad is not really made to have long conversations,  it's best utilized for short messages.   I had my doubts when I first brought it, but for me it was a good investment.
I have read in an official sony Ps3 forum that yes, it works but there are some buttons that doesn't work with ps4 only on ps3. But the letters works fine as far i can read...Pd: i don't have a ps4 yet! Pd: sorry for my bad english!
is not possible, sorry, this is a keyboard compatible with the ps3 system, if you play by emulation mode games of ps2 console not problem, but this keyboard you use only to write in messages and chat mode via ps3...
This does *not* work with a MacBook Pro. I ordered one for my Mac without realizing the input jack on the laptop is line-level. The mic-level output is insufficient meaning no sound can be heard when speaking (although the headset *can* be used for listening). The Mac requires a USB or Bluetooth headset.
I've used mine with my PS3 via a USB adapter.  Works fine, but the cord is a bit short.
Regrets, but I cannot help there ... I bought it for PC/Skype, not gaming.  All it is is basically a set of speakers (headphones) and a microphone, so I'd imagine it would work with your game system, but it won't do anything like vibrate or whatever game-specific headgear might do.
It has 3.5 mm jacks for the mic and ear phones. I don't have a ps3 but I use it for PC
"I don't know if you would be able to use the microphone but there are all types of adapters that convert the pink and green jacks into various devices. Just type in ""pc to ps3 headset adapters"" and find one that you think will work for you."
"Yes, the headphones are adjustable.  I've noticed that some reviews said that they weren't.  Not true.  Is it suitable for an 8 year old?  I don't see why not.  The 'phones are comfortable and well padded, which helps block outside noise.  They also have a volume control and a mute button, which is good when your dad yells, ""Turn that dang thing off""! The mic is on an adjustable boom which can be pulled close or moved out of the way completely.  That's what I do when I use them as studio headphones, which as I stated in my review, are surprisingly good.Now, for the last part of the question- I have no idea how an ""Xbox Live"" works.  These headphones have the standard green, (for headphone), and pink, (for mic), plugs which mate with a computer.  However I'm sure that there are suitable adapters.  I use a mini to 1/4"" adapter to use them on my mixer.  I hope this helps.  Like I said, for the price they can""t be beat.



    Yes, the headphones are adjustable. I've noticed that some reviews said that they weren't. Not true. Is it suitable for an 8 year old? I don't see why not. The 'phones are comfortable and well padded, which helps block outside noise. They also have a volume control and a mute button, which is good when your dad yells, ""Turn that dang thing off""! The mic is on an adjustable boom which can be pulled close or moved out of the way completely. That's what I do when I use them as studio headphones, which as I stated in my review, are surprisingly good.Now, for the last part of the...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, the headphones are adjustable.  I've noticed that some reviews said that they weren't.  Not true.  Is it suitable for an 8 year old?  I don't see why not.  The 'phones are comfortable and well padded, which helps block outside noise.  They also have a volume control and a mute button, which is good when your dad yells, ""Turn that dang thing off""! The mic is on an adjustable boom which can be pulled close or moved out of the way completely.  That's what I do when I use them as studio headphones, which as I stated in my review, are surprisingly good.Now, for the last part of the question- I have no idea how an ""Xbox Live"" works.  These headphones have the standard green, (for headphone), and pink, (for mic), plugs which mate with a computer.  However I'm sure that there are suitable adapters.  I use a mini to 1/4"" adapter to use them on my mixer.  I hope this helps.  Like I said, for the price they can""t be beat.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes. The plastic wheel is a holder that you put the Wii classic remote into. The plastic holder is optional and really is only a piece of plastic with no technical function.
This game is for the Wii, and it can be played on the Wii U, but not other Nintendo systems such as the DS, 3DS, etc.
Up to four
It came in the original case unsure if it came with Manual but was in good condition
You do not need the steering wheel at all to play. You can use the Wii mote by itself, or the wii more + chuck combination
No
We have played with 4 racers at a time
I just had my son test it. You can NOT use the game pad you need a Wii remote
Use compatibility mode
No
yes it does, I have a kindle fire and it works great with it.
Sorry, no it won't I purchased it on Windows xp and then I had to switch to windows eight, tried several times to download it and it just won't work.  I purchased Reef one, two and three. loved them and makes me angry it won't work. Any more questions or concerns please let me know.
The psp 3000 has a 3.5mm headphone jack according to various websites (i can honestly stick in most of my normal headphones/earbuds)The PSP 3000 does have built in speakers.Also note that I believe the psp 3000 does not have internal memory so you will need a memory stick for your files.
No, it does not include a camera. However this model is compatible with the (separately sold) psp camera
it  dose not come with a memory stick  but  you  can  get one on amazon  for  a  good   price I love my psp
Yes, the PSP will plug into a PS3. It uses the same mini-usb cable the PS3 controllers use. There is not a whole lot you can do with it other than transferring games, however remote play is still possible with a select list of supported games.
I am afraid not. This is a separate console compared to the PS Vita. Think of this as the PS2, and the Vita is the PS3. Now as for the, not seeing games that come with this, this is just a specific model of PSP, any game labeled as a PSP game will work on this console, just as any game labeled as PS Vita will only work on the Vita. Hope this helps.
I bought this at the NEX (Navy Exchange) almost a year back, and didn't notice any censoring.. decapitations were definitely abundant..
Last machine I ran it on was a win7 republic of gamers laptop. It had to run in compatability mode, but I was able to play it (with minimal hicups, but some graphical degradation) I was using a beefy spec rig though, your mileage may vary. I havent tested it on windows 8/8.1
Yes
no it cant
"HI Andrew. I dont recommend the remote and nunchuck. I bought a pair and had to replace batteries every two hours. I also constantly had to sync them until about the 25th day when they stopped working. Luckily I had just enough time to return the product and get a full refund. I bought another pair from a not so cheapy provider but I also bought rechargable batteries with a charging console. So far I have to charge the remotes for two hours resulting in two hours of play which I dont mind cause my kids arent glued to the wii. But that means that if I didnt have the rechargable batteries I would have to replace them every two hours which is retarded! Ive had the remote and nunchuk for a good while and theyve been working fine until last night. I had to sync them again but they wouldnt sync the regular way. I had to go on line and find a different way to sync them and they worked. I imagine they will eventually not work at all like the first pair. Its too late for me to return them so Im screwed but I would advise you to invest in actual ""Wii"" remotes at Best Buy or where ever you shop because I will eventually be doing the same. Im also going to change the good feedback I wrote for the pair I just havent got aroung to it.  Sandra



    HI Andrew. I dont recommend the remote and nunchuck. I bought a pair and had to replace batteries every two hours. I also constantly had to sync them until about the 25th day when they stopped working. Luckily I had just enough time to return the product and get a full refund. I bought another pair from a not so cheapy provider but I also bought rechargable batteries with a charging console. So far I have to charge the remotes for two hours resulting in two hours of play which I dont mind cause my kids arent glued to the wii. But that means that if I didnt have the rechargable batteries I...
      » 
Read More


   HI Andrew. I dont recommend the remote and nunchuck. I bought a pair and had to replace batteries every two hours. I also constantly had to sync them until about the 25th day when they stopped working. Luckily I had just enough time to return the product and get a full refund. I bought another pair from a not so cheapy provider but I also bought rechargable batteries with a charging console. So far I have to charge the remotes for two hours resulting in two hours of play which I dont mind cause my kids arent glued to the wii. But that means that if I didnt have the rechargable batteries I would have to replace them every two hours which is retarded! Ive had the remote and nunchuk for a good while and theyve been working fine until last night. I had to sync them again but they wouldnt sync the regular way. I had to go on line and find a different way to sync them and they worked. I imagine they will eventually not work at all like the first pair. Its too late for me to return them so Im screwed but I would advise you to invest in actual ""Wii"" remotes at Best Buy or where ever you shop because I will eventually be doing the same. Im also going to change the good feedback I wrote for the pair I just havent got aroung to it.  Sandra
      « 

Show Less"
It is one controller with two parts.  The main rectangular controller which is used for all games and the nunchuk controller which plugs into the first controller and is used on some games.
I had a very hard time. I held the sync buttons down for a while and it worked once then never would sync again. If you want your money back , contact customer service (Amazon) immediately
No
Yes it does
yes
Yes.
no they do not. they are regular controllers
Yes very much so.
This one doesn't send you a code, it mails it within a week.
Yes if it has both languages just incase you dont know one of them. It could be the product was made in China but no big deal you use it and disgard or recycle once used the pin. Enjoy.
When does the 12 months start?  I would like to get this for my boys for Christmas...
If both grandsons intend on playing on the same account than one card would be fine. If both grandsons want to have their own separate accounts it would be better to buy 2. If they only have one xbox, I would suggest 1 for now, and if they seem to want to add another account later than so be it.
Yes, this is for XBox Live. The same as the membership that you would charge to your credit card but you are just prepaying for 12 months (I think they have a six month plan too). I'm not sure on downloading games. I think that might be different. They have XBox gift cards for that. We ordered one of those too. Hope this helps.
Yeah it gives you access to Xbox LIVE play online etc. but as soon i redeem the code it would log me off when i turn on my Xbox or even when i use my apps such as Netflix or Youtube it was working fine when I didnt have access to LIVE I need to call Xbox for support to fix the problem. This is what im experiencing after i bought it online for the first time, before i would get them at Target,711 or just straight from the menu from your Xbox.Hope this helps you out in some way.
I believe so. Even if his account expired you should just be able to reactivate with this card. Kinda like a prepaid phone card would work.
gold memberships do not expire. My iy can also redeem it now and it adds on to your membership.
It depends on who you send it to,for family and friends as a gift  buy the card send them the 26 digit code on back of the card thru email or cell phone, once code is used card is no good,if it's for selling to a stranger,it won't work.
Yes it worked fine. I was worried also,but it worked fine
Yep, and lasts more than a week. Best one I've found.
it's plug-and-play, no cd included.
The cord is 5 feet 6 inches, I used a tape measure.
I can confirm that it works on windows 8, and if you use a program like joy to key you can very easily make it work with steam. My only complaint is that one of the buttons began sticking after only a few hours.
Yes
I've used 3 of them on various raspberry pi projects with 100% success. I would guess that if your android device has USB Host, you should be fine.
This can be accomplished with programs such as Xpadder, AutoHotKey, or EventGhost. You can do this with most any controller, though.
Yes it has the L and R bumpers on the top of the controller. I did a video review of this controller that people seem to like, you can watch it here:http://youtu.be/UgiI711zZiw
I run Ubuntu 12.04; it's been fine for ZSNES.
Yes but this isn't based on the controller, its based on whether or not the software you're using to play the game allows two players. If it does (and usually it should) there should be minimal issues.
The balance board does all kinds of things besides your weight (horrors!). Some of the games are made to help your balance, as in you shift your weight to make them work such as skiing, or hula hooping, even making balls drop through levels or the step exercises (just like in the gym). The running/jogging things you don't need it for but I would suggest it because so many of the fun ones use it.
If you have a color TV or monitor
Yes it does.that part is just like the regular wii fit. But the plus has so much more fun activities and is way better then just the reg.fit.
yes the plus has a few more yoga poses and strenth training as well as a few other balance games too. Both are good
Yes!  Perfectly.  NO problems.
Isn't that the European system???
A couple of the things you can, but most require the board to make sure you're doing exercise right, weight check. The only thing I do not use board for is the running. In my opinion, the game itself is too costly, since you won't be able to do most exercises, without the board. But your answer is, yes you can do w/o board.
"Yes & No - Yes if you are playing it WITH the 1.7version patch you get from Bethesda's website. This is to make it compatible with 4 core an more CPU/processors (game was built when 2 core's were common) an other things. Now for modding which I have done, I have no issues with Windows 7 nor should you with Windows 8 (I am aware of it's problems, why I stayed at W7 Pro). because there are mods & fixes for everything at NexusMods. Please remember to install game in folder other than Program Files because Windows UAC feature causes problems. For example C:Games/Fallout3. Also note that Windows Live no longer exists so you can not validate it nor do you have to. You essentially are buying this so not to get malware or viruses from pirated copies or you just do not want to wait forever to download it off steam. Took me 5 days to get it running good with over 50GB worth of mods. Great learning experience, awesome game, 10000X better than when I first played it.



    Yes & No - Yes if you are playing it WITH the 1.7version patch you get from Bethesda's website. This is to make it compatible with 4 core an more CPU/processors (game was built when 2 core's were common) an other things. Now for modding which I have done, I have no issues with Windows 7 nor should you with Windows 8 (I am aware of it's problems, why I stayed at W7 Pro). because there are mods & fixes for everything at NexusMods. Please remember to install game in folder other than Program Files because Windows UAC feature causes problems. For example C:Games/Fallout3. Also note that Windows...
      » 
Read More


   Yes & No - Yes if you are playing it WITH the 1.7version patch you get from Bethesda's website. This is to make it compatible with 4 core an more CPU/processors (game was built when 2 core's were common) an other things. Now for modding which I have done, I have no issues with Windows 7 nor should you with Windows 8 (I am aware of it's problems, why I stayed at W7 Pro). because there are mods & fixes for everything at NexusMods. Please remember to install game in folder other than Program Files because Windows UAC feature causes problems. For example C:Games/Fallout3. Also note that Windows Live no longer exists so you can not validate it nor do you have to. You essentially are buying this so not to get malware or viruses from pirated copies or you just do not want to wait forever to download it off steam. Took me 5 days to get it running good with over 50GB worth of mods. Great learning experience, awesome game, 10000X better than when I first played it.
      « 

Show Less"
Fallout 3 Game of the Year, as well as Fallout New Vegas Ultimate Edition, Are both on steam. I just prefer to have a physical CD, as insurance. Plus our internet is terrible, takes ages to download anything, but to answer your question, Yes, Fallout 3, with all DLC, Is available on Steam. In fact, All the fallouts 1-3'NV are there.
Yes, but remember to ask the Steam community if it crashes often.
Yes, it came with a charger. :]
Excelente
Yeah, they come with a charger and stylus.
Sorry.  It was a gift and I do not play or have first hand information.
Yes, but action replays for the ds won't. U have to get one specific for the 3ds, but normal ds games work just fine.
Yes it does its really nice
since it comes with one yes it kind of is, also it allows you to download more content and a place to save your pics and what not
Yes
The one I bought was for the American region.
To the best of my knowledge they can be
Just online
This one is a physical copy of the game, it can also be purchased from PSN Store digitally.
"There are two possible cards from playstation. From what you describe the ones you mention are both referring to the same thing. You enter the codes and the funds appear in the Playstation online store that you access from the system, or through computer. There is another type if card that specifically refers to playstation Plus membership. I don't know what variations there are but they could be 1 month, 3 months, or one year. But those would specifically mention that they are for the membership. They could extend your prepaid membership if you got one, but won't add cash to the account.In this case the picture shows $10 as the cash value, so that should be the same. As long as it mentions Playstation.



    There are two possible cards from playstation. From what you describe the ones you mention are both referring to the same thing. You enter the codes and the funds appear in the Playstation online store that you access from the system, or through computer. There is another type if card that specifically refers to playstation Plus membership. I don't know what variations there are but they could be 1 month, 3 months, or one year. But those would specifically mention that they are for the membership. They could extend your prepaid membership if you got one, but won't add cash to the...
      » 
Read More


   There are two possible cards from playstation. From what you describe the ones you mention are both referring to the same thing. You enter the codes and the funds appear in the Playstation online store that you access from the system, or through computer. There is another type if card that specifically refers to playstation Plus membership. I don't know what variations there are but they could be 1 month, 3 months, or one year. But those would specifically mention that they are for the membership. They could extend your prepaid membership if you got one, but won't add cash to the account.In this case the picture shows $10 as the cash value, so that should be the same. As long as it mentions Playstation.
      « 

Show Less"
I don't have a PS4 yet, but the credit is for the network account not an specific console so it should be perfectly usable through a PS4.
No, you buy the card
It's going to be small for your hand if you are a 'palmer'. If you're a 'claw' or 'finger tip' gripper it might not be much of an issue.
5 v 250 mA
No, the buttons make a clicking sound
The mouse has a glossy finish, so is the mirror version, although is not indicated in the product name.
It maybe a bit louder than most common mouses honestly.
ofcourse
It´s the regular version.
I'm wondering the same thing, I remember paying around $50 for it, and I preordered it when it originally came out, got the pokewalker and a figurine with it too.
Chimchar is the only one in that game. The others will have to be traded or hatched I believe.
Yes
No it does not
Yes
Yes, it is.
"It does not work with pokemon bank but it works with poketransfer which is a partner ap. You download poketransfer for free, put any pokemon you want to transfer into box 1 of you PC, then they get transfered into the pokebank ""transfer box"". From here you can move them from the transfer box in pokebank to your Pokemon X, Y, Alpha Saphire, or Omega Ruby game. Once placed into the transfer box you can NOT get them back onto your Heart Gold version. It's a one way transfer. Hope this helped!"
I believe so, I bought both Pokemon Hearr Gold/Soul Silver on Amazon, both brand new, and I do believe I saw the code in it. If the game is brand new I see no reason for there not being a code. Either way owning this game is a great choice.
No it doesn't, and you can't buy just any card. You have to buy expensive cards from Sony.
The one I got came with a charger
You can buy any of the movies and TV shows just as you can on ps3 and ps4. You need to remain connected to Wi-Fi  of course. You can also load your own vids on the memory card and watch them. I did it using avi files if I remember correctly. If you don't already know, the memory card are expensive and don't hold much data at all,  I believe the largest is 64gb and cost around $100. So keep that in mind when your considering how many games,  movies, music albums you are thinking of using.
Honestly ,  I'd say it's better to own a vita for the ps4 to do remote play. I own a ps3 and I don't use the vita for it since it doesn't do many remote play for many games compared to the ps4 which has every game compatible to do remote play. Another thing to take into consideration is the use for the vita , is it to play ps3 games or actual vita games. I personally just use my vita on the days where I don't wanna get up and get the ps4.  Since it's a handheld system you will also have to buy a memory card only from sony so that's something to think about. I hope that helps
There is no storage. You must buy a PsVita Memory card. It is a memory card specific to fit the Ps Vita only and nothing else...unfortunately. I didn't realize that til after I purchased it too but I was fine with it and still bought one. A 4GB was about $10 or so.
Even if it is in Spanish u can always change it to English just go to settings
Not that I'm aware of.  Sony really tried cracking down hard i the jump from the PSP to the Vita, hence the proprietary memory cards and game cartridges.  There may be a way, but it's probably too hard.
"The original. Couple ways to tell the difference is looking at the product description. If it says ""OLED"" (original) vs ""LCD"" (Slim). And in the picture the speakers. Original is has the speaker holes in a rectangular form while Slim has the holes in a circular form."
Yes you can connect a ps vita to a ps3 and no you can not turn off touchscreen
The one I bought didn't but it didn't show a headset on the cover either.
Yes you sure can.
Yes, where the chatpad and headset are is see-through plastic and the rest of it is the original box.
Yes at the bottom of the controller
The manual says it's only for the xbox 360.
Yes, I use it on netflix all the time. It works well. The mic broke like 3weeks or so. Didn't last long, but I mainly bought it for the pad.
I would say no this is listed as only chat pad, but read the seller description if it doesn't say anything about the headset assume it isn't included.
No. You just need Xbox Live to play against other racers and post your special achievements.
I play with the regular xbox controller and I love it. Why would you need a steering wheel? Just use your normal controller...
Yes, for a little while, until the headset decides to start cutting in and out. After a few months of use, now whenever the cord moves because it brushes against my shoulder, the headset will cut out and I have to jiggle the cord until it turns back on.
The headset will work on Mac. However, you can't have the 7.1 software on your Mac, and therefore, you can't have 7.1 in your headset. Stereo and mic will work just fine, though.
Very Recommended.
"As a game developer, I use these headsets religiously. They are not the best quality, but compared to 90% of wired headsets near the same price range they are just as good. Only problems I have with the headset is the boom for the microphone. The elbow that attaches boom to the left headphone is made out of plastic and if dropped on that elbow it will break with ease. (I strength my headsets by attaching 38 gauge aluminum with some liquid steel adhesive, to the elbow join)I have used a number of these headsets and currently own three. Two for work and one for home. Being able to get up and get a drink or rush to a project meeting, without stressing about tripping over a cord or ripping the USB out is hard to beat. Hope this review helps, if you have any questions about the headset let me know and I'd be happy to answer them for you.



    As a game developer, I use these headsets religiously. They are not the best quality, but compared to 90% of wired headsets near the same price range they are just as good. Only problems I have with the headset is the boom for the microphone. The elbow that attaches boom to the left headphone is made out of plastic and if dropped on that elbow it will break with ease. (I strength my headsets by attaching 38 gauge aluminum with some liquid steel adhesive, to the elbow join)I have used a number of these headsets and currently own three. Two for work and one for home. Being able to get...
      » 
Read More


   As a game developer, I use these headsets religiously. They are not the best quality, but compared to 90% of wired headsets near the same price range they are just as good. Only problems I have with the headset is the boom for the microphone. The elbow that attaches boom to the left headphone is made out of plastic and if dropped on that elbow it will break with ease. (I strength my headsets by attaching 38 gauge aluminum with some liquid steel adhesive, to the elbow join)I have used a number of these headsets and currently own three. Two for work and one for home. Being able to get up and get a drink or rush to a project meeting, without stressing about tripping over a cord or ripping the USB out is hard to beat. Hope this review helps, if you have any questions about the headset let me know and I'd be happy to answer them for you.
      « 

Show Less"
"Sound quality is quiet good, especially for a headset. You can get stand alone microphones with better quality but for a headset the microphone is quiet good.I don't get any background noise, NO scratching or hum. I use it quiet often for gaming and Skype calls, works perfectly. The ""G-Keys"" allow you to assign a push to talk or any sort of macro keys.Let me know if you have any other questions. Please give me feedback, thanks!"
No
"The cable that plug into the headset serves only as a charging cable. The end of the cable is also marked with a battery icon. Removing the USB wireless receiver from the dock also disconnects the headset even when the headset is plugged in via the cable. This headset sends and receives audio over a wireless connection, so NO IT DOES NOT.The other answers are talking about the charging cable.I've been using my G930's for just under six months and haven't experienced connectivity issues not caused by myself. I've knocked the dock off my desk and it disconnected momentarily though immediately reconnected. disconnecting and reconnecting the USB receiver reconnects just a quickly (unless the driver crashes. You can manage to restart the G930 software and it will fix the issue though it isn't always your friend.). Issues might occur if one plugs the receiver into the back of their computer. I have my receiver in the dock on top of my desk.I greatly recommend this headset.



    The cable that plug into the headset serves only as a charging cable. The end of the cable is also marked with a battery icon. Removing the USB wireless receiver from the dock also disconnects the headset even when the headset is plugged in via the cable. This headset sends and receives audio over a wireless connection, so NO IT DOES NOT.The other answers are talking about the charging cable.I've been using my G930's for just under six months and haven't experienced connectivity issues not caused by myself. I've knocked the dock off my desk and it disconnected...
      » 
Read More


   The cable that plug into the headset serves only as a charging cable. The end of the cable is also marked with a battery icon. Removing the USB wireless receiver from the dock also disconnects the headset even when the headset is plugged in via the cable. This headset sends and receives audio over a wireless connection, so NO IT DOES NOT.The other answers are talking about the charging cable.I've been using my G930's for just under six months and haven't experienced connectivity issues not caused by myself. I've knocked the dock off my desk and it disconnected momentarily though immediately reconnected. disconnecting and reconnecting the USB receiver reconnects just a quickly (unless the driver crashes. You can manage to restart the G930 software and it will fix the issue though it isn't always your friend.). Issues might occur if one plugs the receiver into the back of their computer. I have my receiver in the dock on top of my desk.I greatly recommend this headset.
      « 

Show Less"
Nope there's no point in paying 60 bucks on a 7.1 soundcard in tandem, unless you also want to have a surround speaker setup.   You are correct John, all audio is processed by the G930's soundcard including the simulated 7.1.  While using the headset all other audio hardware in your system will be ignored.
Try this out. When you want to quit playing, choose to go to the home menu and you'll be asked if youwant to save. Choose save and when you want to play again, you'll start off where you left off. That simple.
Yes! I puchased my code about a year ago and altjough I found it difficult at first to install, (read the reviews, my instructions on how-to are there if you need help) it has worked perfectly. The game is still on my Wii, has never ever crashed and I still happily play occassionally.
Original
You have to use the classic controller. It's a few bucks
No you don't
I would guess yes. I've never done it but this game absolutely will not work without the classic controller
"You don't have to, but you can hook up 2 each of the original controllers of all three systems. I recommend doing that if you can afford to buy them separately. I myself bought one of each. Be careful though, cause some of the after markets aren't the best. It's better to buy the originals but pricier...The wireless controllers that come with the system aren't bad, but the control configuration is weird. On some systems a is b and b is a. It will throw you off till you get used to it. Also you have to be directly in front of the system for them to work and pick up the sensor. Hope that helps Katie.



    You don't have to, but you can hook up 2 each of the original controllers of all three systems. I recommend doing that if you can afford to buy them separately. I myself bought one of each. Be careful though, cause some of the after markets aren't the best. It's better to buy the originals but pricier...The wireless controllers that come with the system aren't bad, but the control configuration is weird. On some systems a is b and b is a. It will throw you off till you get used to it. Also you have to be directly in front of the system for them to work and pick up the sensor. Hope that...
      » 
Read More


   You don't have to, but you can hook up 2 each of the original controllers of all three systems. I recommend doing that if you can afford to buy them separately. I myself bought one of each. Be careful though, cause some of the after markets aren't the best. It's better to buy the originals but pricier...The wireless controllers that come with the system aren't bad, but the control configuration is weird. On some systems a is b and b is a. It will throw you off till you get used to it. Also you have to be directly in front of the system for them to work and pick up the sensor. Hope that helps Katie.
      « 

Show Less"
It will play any true NES, SNES or Genesis title, Castlevania included.
You have to buy controllers for all 3 systems. The wireless controllers it comes with do not work
I used an snes controller so I don't know where they are on the ones provided are
Long as your flat screen TV has RCA inputs it will hook up. I have a Samsung but it is about 7 years old. No issues using RCA inputs. Wireless remotes are the big issue. Stock up on remotes. Each systems games need to use that systems remotes unfortunately.
Yes
There are Indeed a few sega games that do not work with this console.  If you search the internet there have been many attempts at compiling lists of Incompatible games. I believe it is something to do with a chip (fx?) used in some game cartridges at the time.
Hooks into the controller.
HI, this headset is ONLY for chatting. You do NOT hear the sounds from the Game
No,mic quit working,then earphones went out.same thing on 4 of them.
Being close to 1 another with the headphones will cause skipping.
My 19 year old son uses it on a daily basis and has had no issues with it. He is not exactly the most careful with his belonging. He has even left it on the floor and his sister ran over it with the vacuum. It still works and he talks to his buddies all the time.    I hope this helps!
Two feet. It plugs directly into your controller so it's not meant to be long.
you are correct. this cable doesn't have HDMI.
"I've had a lot of cables from amazon come in a sealed plastic bag, usually in an amazon box. If your ever worried its used, look at the ends that plug into the console for verticle lines. Mine were brand new, still smelled of fresh plastic. I love this cord. Been using it for about 2 years now. If you have it hooked up to 2 consoles at once, you will get an image but no sound. Just unplug it from the unused console. I use it on my ps3 and it still let's me use 1080p on my HD TV. I had origionaly bought them for an older projection TV, but have since gotten a flat screen, and still use them, don't even need to get an HdMI. I have compared the 2, the HDMI is almost worse because its so sharp, the edges are a little too cut.



    I've had a lot of cables from amazon come in a sealed plastic bag, usually in an amazon box. If your ever worried its used, look at the ends that plug into the console for verticle lines. Mine were brand new, still smelled of fresh plastic. I love this cord. Been using it for about 2 years now. If you have it hooked up to 2 consoles at once, you will get an image but no sound. Just unplug it from the unused console. I use it on my ps3 and it still let's me use 1080p on my HD TV. I had origionaly bought them for an older projection TV, but have since gotten a flat screen, and still use them,...
      » 
Read More


   I've had a lot of cables from amazon come in a sealed plastic bag, usually in an amazon box. If your ever worried its used, look at the ends that plug into the console for verticle lines. Mine were brand new, still smelled of fresh plastic. I love this cord. Been using it for about 2 years now. If you have it hooked up to 2 consoles at once, you will get an image but no sound. Just unplug it from the unused console. I use it on my ps3 and it still let's me use 1080p on my HD TV. I had origionaly bought them for an older projection TV, but have since gotten a flat screen, and still use them, don't even need to get an HdMI. I have compared the 2, the HDMI is almost worse because its so sharp, the edges are a little too cut.
      « 

Show Less"
No
This one plays all my games on ps2. The ps1 games work on ps2
It works for me. As far as i know, all ps2's have the same video output connector type
If you have it plugged into multiple systems at the same time, it will sometimes do that. try only having the ps2 plugged in and see if that fixes it
Probably, mine works perfect. You will need to provide more info about the setup for someone to give a meaningful answer.
It is the proprietary port that is a trapezoidal shape right next to the hdmi port on mine.
It's for Xbox 360, not Xbox One.
The first picture is not the correct one.
The mouse is about 4 inches wide (thumb to pinky), 5.5 inches long (wrist to pointer), and about 2 inches tall (mouse pad to palm).  I would say it is kind of a bigger the average mouse, but I fell in love with it extremely quickly.  It is one of the best mice for gaming and I have had 0 issues with its compatibility with World of Warcraft.
Did you download the driver from steelseries? If you did then I would recommend going back to windows 7 since windows 8 blows anyway
"My friend has a Mac; had issue's with it and never got it to work. You don't get the game on the DVD to play offline; just the registration software; it downloads the game from ""STEAM"". You pay for the right to download a file that may or may not work. Personally due to the problem of corrupt file ext: emailed STEAM 5 time to resolve the problem STEAM deleted my account; and my friends problem with ""error unable to read"" along with problems from 3 other friends that bought this ""Not"" a Game DVD I don't recommend this game."
Violence is really the only mature content.  There is some blood and gore throughout though only with swords, axes, and bows.  The worst part is a beheading in the very beginning of the game.  The alcohol and sexual themes are very minimal, nothing like grand theft auto.
Once you purchase the game you can play it as much as you want. There are no subscriptions.  If you are thinking of The Elder Scrolls Online, that is a different game (and I believe it does have subscriptions). This is 100% a single player game. The only other things that you might have to pay for are the DLC, but you don't have to get them to fully enjoy this game (if you get the standard edition that does not come with the DLC packs).
No big deal.  Do it and forget about it.  No consequences whatsoever.  In fact, I don't even remember having to do it.
Yes and it runs very well.
Nexus Mods has a lot of fun additions to Skyrim, including unofficial and comprehensive patches that fix a lot of the bugs. SkyUI, SKSE, FNIS and XP3 Skeleton come highly recommended.
It means that Skyrim runs through the Steam software. If you already have it it'll add the game to your Steam library, if you don't have it it will install Steam on your PC alongside the game.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a completely standalone game from the rest in the series. The story does not even continue, it's unique in that way. However, if you have played the other Elder Scrolls games, you'll find a few easter eggs here and there. With the bonus of mods, the expansion and re-playability of this game is virtually endless.
Its a downloaded game. It runs through Steam and is very easy to install! You can use Steam for most downloaded games. Its a Great copy
I boug it for the new super mario bros game classic I downloaded works good same. So yes it will work for your game :)
Funny this came up.  The Classic Controller broke about 5 days ago.  A wire broke down next to the connector which is plugged into the regular controller.  Just threw it in the trash.  I think we had it about 3 or 4 months.
It didn't work at all for me
Yes, however sometimes when you jump you jump at an angle even you didn't position the control stick too
Yep, it should work with classic games you download from the wii shop!
No, but why would you want to play a broken game anyway... >_> another thing. Why would you want to play a FPS on a Nintendo Console? ._. It is not needed to Call of Duty: Black Ops.
perfectly fine. :)
Yes it does.... the only thing is that you have to plug it into your wii remote... I was kind of hoping it would plug into the wii itself so I wouldn't have to worry about battery life though, ya know? All in all it is a good controller bud. Hope this helps....
A little less than arm's length.
I have never had any problems with mine.  Some Wii games won't let you use a controller, but on the ones that do it works as good as my Nintendo one.
Yes. It's great for all ages. They just have to make sure they're responsible enough to keep their sims alive.
No
Yes. This just an add on
Yes
No. One of the least violent expansion packs, imo. No new deaths, no violent actions that I can think of.
Yes
Yes. They used to be separate games, but now they all work on both platforms
This game is basically completely different than The Last of Us.  Beyond Two Souls was made by the same company who made Heavy Rain.  It's heavily story based and you follow a plot through cut scenes and situations where you can decide how to interact with the environment.  You do not fight monsters or enemies except in scripted fight scenes where you select the right buttons to use.  You don't have weapons either.  This isn't a shooter game its an interactive drama action-adventure video game also called a movie game.  Basically you play a movie.
"The term ""puzzle"" for this game I think is used a bit loosely.  There are questions you will develope while playing the game because something seems amiss or just not entirely clear, but are answered as you progress. When they say ""puzzle"" it's probably more along the lines of ""how do I want to define my character?"". The choices you make during the game, whether verbally or physically, will alter the story and relationships later on. Example: a scene where people are mean/abusive to you. You can choose to seek revenge or let it go.I'm not sure if you remember these, but there were ""choose your own adventure"" storybooks. You were given a scenario and each choice you made had a different outcome.



    The term ""puzzle"" for this game I think is used a bit loosely. There are questions you will develope while playing the game because something seems amiss or just not entirely clear, but are answered as you progress. When they say ""puzzle"" it's probably more along the lines of ""how do I want to define my character?"". The choices you make during the game, whether verbally or physically, will alter the story and relationships later on. Example: a scene where people are mean/abusive to you. You can choose to seek revenge or let it go.I'm not sure if you...
      » 
Read More


   The term ""puzzle"" for this game I think is used a bit loosely.  There are questions you will develope while playing the game because something seems amiss or just not entirely clear, but are answered as you progress. When they say ""puzzle"" it's probably more along the lines of ""how do I want to define my character?"". The choices you make during the game, whether verbally or physically, will alter the story and relationships later on. Example: a scene where people are mean/abusive to you. You can choose to seek revenge or let it go.I'm not sure if you remember these, but there were ""choose your own adventure"" storybooks. You were given a scenario and each choice you made had a different outcome.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
Hi Shelly, thats right, this isnt the special edition, its the standard one. And yes, special edition has steel box...
I did not see Spanish on my game. Sorry
it has subtitles
No. The audio is in English and french, and the subs also. The spanish version is only sell in Spain.
I did not have one in mine either but I don't really see the need for it. I never look at them anyways.
"Yes, there are two discs.  Disc 1 is the installation disc.  Disc 2 is the ""play"" disc, meaning you have to have it in the X-Box while you are playing the game."
No it just needs a disc to run the game.
I've always bought new games but if I did buy a preowned game I would make sure they had a great review from them positive feed hope this helps
I think it's probably ok. If they go to a public school, there's nothing in GTA:V they haven't already seen or heard. Plus if you're a parent too lazy to even do a simple google search to see what's in this game, you've already shifted the responsibility of raising your kids to the public and the US Government. Above all else, just give your kids whatever they ask for. We'll take it from here.
Yes
12.5 gb and no to much violence
No because, there is less to do on Assassin's creed. It also has a smaller area than GTA V where as GTA V has a huge world with variety of gameplay. But this is just my opinion and I feel that kids and young teenagers should buy Assassin's creed due to GTA V having a lot of profanity in it. If GTA could tone that down then GTA V is for me a 100% fun time.
I don't know seems pretty cheap when I bought it I thought it was fake or something but I took a risk and everything seems pretty good works great runs great I've had no problems good game and good deal
This is made for USA made consoles.  So it probably wouldn't work for any other country.
I would think of it this way. You should play it with your boy and explain things along the way. Just like would you let them watch Road warriors the movie by them selves or with you watching it with them.
It can't be placed on a dsi of any sort if that's what your asking because they took precautions and put an overhang to keep it from going in the system(trust me I tried)
Yes it works on the 3DS, 3DS XL, and 2DS.
Yes they can!  They would each need to have a separate 3DS though.
Yes it has.
yes, you can play all the game in 2d if you want. in fact the game isn't all in 3d. so you can enjoy both 2d and 3d parts
Every Pokemon game starts in a new region the mechanics and plot of the game are always re introduced at the beginning of every game as long as she can read she will be able to understand the Pokemon world so yes Pokemon X is good for beginners as its a new region and the 6th generation of pokemon
It really does depend on which legendary Pokemon you like better--I liked the Xerneas, so I went with X. One of my sisters has Y, and she likes it just as much as I like X. So, I may recommend X, because that's the one I got, but they're basically the same game :)
Absolutely. The game can be enjoyed either way. You don't have to be connected if you'd rather enjoy single player.
Yes it is.
It has a total of six buttons, each mapped to buttons on the PS3 controller. Has alternative setting that work off of switches. Great stick, for sure.
"I mostly use it on PC, but sometimes PS3 and I've never run into a game it doesn't ""work"" on. That being said, the L1 and L2 buttons are not very conveniently placed. If those buttons are used much for Disney Infinity, you might consider an arcade stick with an 8-button layout instead."
as of now, no. might need to mod it further.
"Hi Will, I know of two methods to tighten the joystick on the V3 without upgrading the joystick or replacing parts. Hopefully one of these two methods will solve your problem (you can even do both). They both start the same way so let's begin.1. Remove the seven screws on the back of the arcade stick (not the four holding the rubber feet on) to open up the controller.2. Unscrew and remove the square gate (white plastic piece directly beneath the joystick)- Here is where the two methods differ. I have tried both but the easier one (which worked well for me) I will write first.Method 1: Electrical TapeThis is an easier sort of quick fix that's guaranteed to reduce the wiggle room in your joystick.3. Move the four black pieces (exposed after taking the square gate off) away from the white cylinder piece in the middle. *Remember the orientation of these four pieces for when you put it back together*4. Wrap around the white cylinder with electrical tape. I believe any tape would do, electrical tape is just a precaution.5. Test the tightness of the stick by screwing the four black pieces back down and playing with the stick. Add more tape as needed.6. Reverse every step all the way back to one to put the stick back together.Method 2: Tightening the SpringThis one would be just as easy as putting tape on if it wasn't for removing the c shaped clamp. You'll see once you try (or maybe I just suck, lol). One of the videos at the bottom shows how to take the clamp off.3. On top of the white cylindrical piece there is a screw and a metal c shaped clamp. Remove the c shaped clamp.4. This cylinder should come apart, dislodging the joystick and exposing a spring. Stretch the spring (the longer the spring, the tighter the joystick).5. If you are comfortable taking off and putting on the metal c clamp, feel free to test out the joystick and adjust the spring to your liking. (This was very difficult for me on my V3 which is why I went with method #1 even though this method seems more professional.)6. Put the stick back together by reversing every step back to step one.Here are some videos to help if I was confusing or left out details.Removing the square gate on a V3:     youtube.com/watch?v=zNOE95P4lYY    start at 0:00 and stop at 1:30, the rest isn't important for what you're doingUsing Method 2 to tighten the spring: youtube.com/watch?v=4K2ONYAapOQ start at 2:26 and stop at 4:30, again the rest isn't importantContact me if you have any questions.



    Hi Will, I know of two methods to tighten the joystick on the V3 without upgrading the joystick or replacing parts. Hopefully one of these two methods will solve your problem (you can even do both). They both start the same way so let's begin.1. Remove the seven screws on the back of the arcade stick (not the four holding the rubber feet on) to open up the controller.2. Unscrew and remove the square gate (white plastic piece directly beneath the joystick)- Here is where the two methods differ. I have tried both but the easier one (which worked well for me) I...
      » 
Read More


   Hi Will, I know of two methods to tighten the joystick on the V3 without upgrading the joystick or replacing parts. Hopefully one of these two methods will solve your problem (you can even do both). They both start the same way so let's begin.1. Remove the seven screws on the back of the arcade stick (not the four holding the rubber feet on) to open up the controller.2. Unscrew and remove the square gate (white plastic piece directly beneath the joystick)- Here is where the two methods differ. I have tried both but the easier one (which worked well for me) I will write first.Method 1: Electrical TapeThis is an easier sort of quick fix that's guaranteed to reduce the wiggle room in your joystick.3. Move the four black pieces (exposed after taking the square gate off) away from the white cylinder piece in the middle. *Remember the orientation of these four pieces for when you put it back together*4. Wrap around the white cylinder with electrical tape. I believe any tape would do, electrical tape is just a precaution.5. Test the tightness of the stick by screwing the four black pieces back down and playing with the stick. Add more tape as needed.6. Reverse every step all the way back to one to put the stick back together.Method 2: Tightening the SpringThis one would be just as easy as putting tape on if it wasn't for removing the c shaped clamp. You'll see once you try (or maybe I just suck, lol). One of the videos at the bottom shows how to take the clamp off.3. On top of the white cylindrical piece there is a screw and a metal c shaped clamp. Remove the c shaped clamp.4. This cylinder should come apart, dislodging the joystick and exposing a spring. Stretch the spring (the longer the spring, the tighter the joystick).5. If you are comfortable taking off and putting on the metal c clamp, feel free to test out the joystick and adjust the spring to your liking. (This was very difficult for me on my V3 which is why I went with method #1 even though this method seems more professional.)6. Put the stick back together by reversing every step back to step one.Here are some videos to help if I was confusing or left out details.Removing the square gate on a V3:     youtube.com/watch?v=zNOE95P4lYY    start at 0:00 and stop at 1:30, the rest isn't important for what you're doingUsing Method 2 to tighten the spring: youtube.com/watch?v=4K2ONYAapOQ start at 2:26 and stop at 4:30, again the rest isn't importantContact me if you have any questions.
      « 

Show Less"
It would.  Mine ran on a Mac and Windows 7. It works well on everything.
This stick is wired. Quite honestly... I never mess with wireless sticks :P
In the top next to the PS and start button I believe.
That's going to take me 25 minutes to type it out.   Backgammon, Battling Ships, Checkers, Chinese Checkers, Chess, Dominoes, Tile Games:  Edge tiles, Mahjong tiles, Slide Tiles, Gravity Tiles, Memory Tiles; Master Match, Pachisi, Panic: Classic, Lineout, Packer; Placer Racer, Reversi, Rummy Squares, Time Breaker, Word Games: Anagrams, Crosswords, Word Searches, Word Yacht, Wordox - Double Cross and Original; Yacht: Regular and Triple, and Zilch.
It is compatable
You can download it to your computer.
"I no longer have this puzzle and no you don't need a ""joystick""."
Yes. I use Windows 8 and have no problems at all. Enjoy.
Yes
My 2012 Hoyle I play on a 64 bit Windows 7, so I can say with certainty that this particular game will play on a 64 bit.
According to system requirements it works on Mac os x 10.4.10-10.6 G3, G4, G5.  I hope this information is helpful.KC
Yes.
Then you should probably buy a new adapter.
It comes with everything that is in the picture
Heavens no. 3-5 days. Or, 1-2 days. Depending the shipping rate you choose.
Yes it does, it comes with all the parts. It is in great condition.
No
I dont believe so but u can get an adapter for pretty cheap.
I have the 4 GB  I bought this and it didn't work out of the package so i had to send it back there is another one sold by the same person its 4star rated but its like 10 bucks more way better choice for the 4 gb http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00HVOOB6M?cache=8379261eb8a9797955fe2b1f3d97bfa3π=SY200_QL40&qid;=1414032888&sr;=8-2#ref=mp_s_a_1_2
I received brick and the cord, so I think you're missing a part.
There is a peripheral USB port located on the top.
no
It should be although I'm not sure if the media buttons will work.  If you're planning to use the USB port on the keyboard (there is one on the back close to where the cord connects), you'll need 2 USB ports fairly close to eachother on your computer.
I have Win 8.1, and it seems to work fine.  I do currently have a problem with incorrect keystrokes registering from the keyboard, as discussed in my review of this keyboard.  I don't think this is an incompatibility with Win 8.1, otherwise I would imagine all the keystrokes would be acting up, and not just a few.
geego octopus keycaps
Only the main keys, arrows, and numpad. Esc, f keys, home group, and print screen ones are not.
I don't know if it does.  I would assume it would, mine is working on Windows 7.  You can always try it and return it if it doesn't work.  But it should work.
Mine worked fine when I plugged it in. No issues like you are having. Mine is awesome.  Good luck.
No. I brought it and it was too small
No
It is not. For xl
No
Dear Michael,You can but it will be like a copy with extra, the director's cut is for those who hadn't played the game or don't even have it, becasue it only contains the game along with the dlc already installed, soundtrack and the videos. So if you like, you can download the DLC, watch the videos and listen to the soundtrack and by that, it will be like you have the director's cut.I hope this helps you.
I don't know the reason but it is worth it! Every penny :D
I bought a fulfilled by Amazon version and it was totally brand new and sealed. It did not include the booklet unfortunately but the game was excellent!
Yes the game comes in Spanish language but don't know if it's Spain or Latin version, the game also have French
You should know your way around the controller for sure but the base of the game is very user friendly and plays more like a movie than a video game.  Actually allot of fun for a new gamer.
Don't know never play anything that way
Yes. I have an Arcade console, it worked perfectly.
I have had this for about 4  and never had an issue years i think and never had an issue with single game. I would say i have played a good 30 games on that hard drive with no issue.
"Ouch :( I was in a similar position when I moved all my multiplayer saves to my flashdrive to play at friend's, but the files became corrupted after a while. I had thankfully made a backup on my pc 3 months before with Xport 360. So you're saying evrything was moved from the original drive to the new one over the cable but the data wasn't there when you started the 360 with the new drive? Or did Xbox Live apply an update and the data was erased after the update? It might still be there and recoverable, just unrecognized by the 360. First do not pit more stuff on the drive! It increases the chance of any data there previously being overwritten or becoming fragmented! Best to not even turn the 360 on with the drive in. Try using fatx explorer, as it actually has a recovery tool for deleted files. If the 360 redormatted the drive entirely though, your data is gone, as formatting deletes the data and overwrites it with a blank slate.



    Ouch :( I was in a similar position when I moved all my multiplayer saves to my flashdrive to play at friend's, but the files became corrupted after a while. I had thankfully made a backup on my pc 3 months before with Xport 360. So you're saying evrything was moved from the original drive to the new one over the cable but the data wasn't there when you started the 360 with the new drive? Or did Xbox Live apply an update and the data was erased after the update? It might still be there and recoverable, just unrecognized by the 360. First do not pit more stuff on the drive! It increases the...
      » 
Read More


   Ouch :( I was in a similar position when I moved all my multiplayer saves to my flashdrive to play at friend's, but the files became corrupted after a while. I had thankfully made a backup on my pc 3 months before with Xport 360. So you're saying evrything was moved from the original drive to the new one over the cable but the data wasn't there when you started the 360 with the new drive? Or did Xbox Live apply an update and the data was erased after the update? It might still be there and recoverable, just unrecognized by the 360. First do not pit more stuff on the drive! It increases the chance of any data there previously being overwritten or becoming fragmented! Best to not even turn the 360 on with the drive in. Try using fatx explorer, as it actually has a recovery tool for deleted files. If the 360 redormatted the drive entirely though, your data is gone, as formatting deletes the data and overwrites it with a blank slate.
      « 

Show Less"
It will not work on any 360.. It's a crappy generic HDD & shouldn't even be on amazon. DO NOT BUY IT. You should just pay extra for a Microsoft brand.
Yes it should.
It is being used for System files on the Xbox. It is the same concept of getting a HDD for a computer where it says (some number) but available is less. The system files used to run your xbox along with any updates, DLC, or games will use this disk space.
"If you follow the instructions detailed in some of the reviews to ""restore partition 2"" it will play compatible Xbox games.  It's pretty easy to do, you just need to hook the hard drive up to a Windows computer using a transfer cable and follow the instructions."
This will work with the old 360s.It attaches at the top.
I was lucky enough to get one that has no issues. I just connected it to my xbox 360 and it works like one made by microsoft. Except it will not play original xbox games. Not a problem for me. It is not uncommon that defective units slip through quality control and my guess is that you might have one. I suggest return it for exchange because Amazon has excellent customer service. I hope this was helpful. It should already be formatted and  ready to go. Good luck. Thanks for asking.
External.
No it doesn't. I just put everything on a USB drive, drivers, profile editor and profiles. A little more of an inconvenience but for me having a mouse fully adjusted and customized to my hand makes up for it.
There isn't any measurements as far as I can tell, but it does make sense because this mouse is fully customization. It can be very small once everything is retracted, or can be longer when fully extended. It can fit pretty much the average person's hand. People that would have a hard time would be someone who's 6'0 + and have huge hands.
The mouse macro options in  the software should allow you to program the buttons to activate keyboard keys, repeat recorded mouse actions, and mouse buttons. To open software, you could record presses involving the windows key, but it cannot natively open software.
due to the way your hand wraps around the mouse, even at rest it never touches it.  FYI, that screw is actually the modification tool for the mouse.  All of the removable pieces have a hex screw keyed to that same tool, so you can easily change the plates.  The palm rest has a small lever on the right side just underneath the shell that when pressed in, allows you to slide that entire plate forward or back so you can find a comfortable setting for your hand.  Setting this plate correctly for your hand will also keep you from hitting the tool when its in the mouse.
"To put it in the context you suggested, ""Wheel of Fortune"". It does not retain any real inertia, and basically only moves when you have your finger on it."
yess, it has a plate that you can put on the right side that you can rest all your fingers on, and the pam rest goes out almost liek 2 and a half inches max, but there is also a 2ndary palm rest that is higher up that will fit even larger hands
only the dpi indicator, the mode changing button and the front of the main mouse buttons light up,but there is a gap infron of the buttons, so when the mouse is resting, it looks like a cross of light is projected infront of the mouse on whatever the mouse is resting on
Mouse holds up just fine. I love all the features and the way onlookers ogle over the mouse. I like the weight of the mouse and it's flexibility. I would suggest however if you have large hands to keep looking. This particular mouse almost fits my hand and I find myself holding it in odd positions that make my hand cramp up after long use. Overall I would give it four and a half out of five stars.Hope this helps.
I'm pretty sure they are all English. I have had mine over a year and don't remember being asked for language
Yes.
Yes you most certainly can. You just use the serial number in the box set to download the update. Make sure you buy the box set new not used
This is an add on for Flight Simulator X.  It is not stand alone.
Hi Cameron, the 800/900 is the base package. The 600/700 is the add-on for the base package and is purchased separately. However, if you have FS2004 all 4 series are included!
No, it only works with FSX and must upgrade to service pack 2 (this is downloaded online)
"The minimum operating system requirements I will state right off the hard copy package I have: ""Microsoft Flight Simulator X (SP2) (which is FSX Special Performance 2), Intel Dual Core or similar, Video Card Direct X 9 with 512 MB, with minimum operating system XP/Vista/7, 3 GB free hard disc space, and 2 GB RAM. SHort Answer for FS 2004: No."
I run it on win 7. No lags and other problems.
It comes with a pretty decent number  of liveries...mostly all of the major airlines from what I recall. If there's one you don't see, you may be able to find it elsewhere online.If you can afford it, I'd also suggest the PMDG 777!!
Exactly.  Some things, like hard drives of the same make, model and series that just have different sizes... those I can see lumping together.  But these Razer mice are NOT THE SAME PRODUCT at all.  A review of one is not valid for a review of another one.  Amazon failed big time combining these.
If you install the Razer software you can set them to anything.
Well since I got the razer naga hex league of legends edition I would say yes it is. It has the perfect amount of buttons for how many item slots there are but with season 4 there is now 7 buttons 6 items and 1 trinket so this means you wont be ablr to have the whole bag resdy to go you might have to set some other macro up to use the 6th item slot because thetrinkret will use number 4 or 6 I csnt remember... long story short ya its good for lolps I sent this on a phone after losing a ranked game at 1:30 AM so idc about sll the typos that this probably has!
The one we bought stopped working after only a few months. Amazon has only a 30 day return policy so we contacted the manufacturer and they are supposed to replace.
No
It's a plastic nub that pops in. Has different sizes.
It is not wireless. Gamers prefer wired accessories because the respond speed is much faster than wireless mouses, plus with the Razer Naga Hex the wire is different than wires compared to the iPhone in which are easier to break when pulled.
It depends on how good your computer is. If you have a good graphics card and processer, then yes it will run on windows 7
No. A game will not cause viruses.
It actually works amazing on windows 8.1
This game is so dam bad I wish I could get my Money backAnd I know my report on this game will not be Posted
It has 2 on the left side, 1 left mouse button, 1 right mouse button, and the scroll wheel can be clicked in.  There is also a dpi changer behind the scroll wheel, Idk if you can change that to whatever you want though.
Yes it does
Absolutely. Works perfectly.
Yes it does.
Yes it works with windows 8
the light is very bright and if you are looking for a mouse that can handle ton's of play or work time this is the one to get
3 months
Yes, you can play 2-4 player split screen off line.
Hey there!Nope:) nice thing about black ops is there's no separate purchase to play online.
The only time the opponents are zombies is when you play the zombies game. It's separate from multiplayer where you play bots or people online
its a 360 only game. Don't think they will remake it for the xbox one
Game is very violent and graphically shows people getting shot.  Very little sexual content but this is plenty of cursing
Yes
Hardware wise they are the same. Looks and Audio presets are slightly different.
Yes, unfortunately the E does not have an optical port, so we made a special adapter to use our digital surround sound headsets with the Xbox 360 E. You can only purchase it at our website ... http://www.turtlebeach.com/product-detail/audio-converter-parts/ear-force-hd-audio-converter/421
Yes, you can use Bluetooth or a cocorthst come with
Kim,Joshua has the best advice and have your son or you follow his instructions.If all fails contact Amazon and let them know the problem and you can get an replacement right away!
The Transmitter uses a DC 5v input for power. The USB is used to recharge the battery in the headset, and it is the only way to recharge it that I am aware of. Can you explain your concerns regarding the USB recharging cable?
I don't know what type of adapter you would need. The Xbox One has digital audio out (optical) that will plug directly into the base station of this headphone setup.
I don't see why not. It has analog (yellow RCA) plug and digital (optical) plug. I have the TV optical passing thru to the stereo so anything plugged into my TV (DVR, XBOX, DVD) plays thru the headphones without the stereo on.
Yes you will need a Bluetooth adapter for your PC.
yes it should work! i use mine with xbox one but without the adapter.
No
Yes it does
i purchased this for my 6 year old and 9 year old grand daughters and they love it
Yes it will.  All Wii games work with Wii U.   We have this and 23 other wii games and use them all on Wii U
Just the remotes, no dance pad needed.
Good day, I have not personally used but I understand that if it works, I recommend the brand to see what map is on PS3
Yes, this is the English US version...
Yes they can
I am guessing yes. Well constructed though, cause you still get the tactile feedback and it has a low profile.
it is 8.5 inches by 20 inches, it fits on a small keyboard tray, not a lot of room left, but enough to tightly fit a mouse
I measured mine... it's five feet long.
Yes. It may take a few steps but it can work. you might need to take the .exe file once it's downloaded and put that in compatibility mode for it to work. I have windows 8.1 and the only thing giving me issues is the fact i'm running it on a lower-end laptop.
Works fine, i'm running windows 7 64 bit, already beat both episodes.
There is a Games for Windows Live update that Microsoft has available on their website.  After installing the game Windows 8.1 gave me a dialog box that said there was a known comparability issue and provided the link to the download within the dialog.
Yes that is what I play it on.
Yeap and its smooth
It it's compatible with Windows 7 but there is no guarantee it will run well. The problem isn't your version of Windows but how poorly it was changed to work on any computer.
I had to do something with windows to get it to work. Can't remember what exactly. As for Europe i m guessing it shouldn't make a difference.
Step 1 You open the game and get to the main menu of GTA 4. Where it says Play, Options, Guide, Exit. On that screen you press the Home key on your keyboard. On some keyboards is called Home and End key on find Step 2 Menu Games for Windows Live is opened. Choose Create a new account. Information screen appears. Low view peering find where it says Create local account. Click there. Step 3 Write your Username and ready. Now you can save games of GTA 4
Yes it does,  I use mine with my nexus 7 all the time.  Pops right up with bluetooth pairing.
"This controller only works on the android and windows devices. There are apple controllers available,  however I cant vouch for any of them. Search youtube for ""ipad Bluetooth game controllers reviews"" should point you in the right direction."
Yes, as far as the mini box has Bluetooth. On both with games that support a gamecontroller
Could not get it to work with the fire stick
With the Fire TV box, it worked with directional arrows but it wouldn't let you select anything. It stopped syncing almost immediately.  It looks great but I don't think it was made for this interface. Save your money.
Hold one of the action buttons (A/B/X/Y) for whichever function you want, and then press and hold the power button until the lights on the front flash.  Then use your android bluetooth settings to scan for available devices and pair it there.  A is keyboard mode (emulators) and X is gamepad mode (supposedly for 3D games, but never works).  You have to unpair the device every time you finish with it before you re-search.
"Am not sure how people saying it works on Windows 7 or ""I don't know"" offers an answer to this question."
yes it works great & was easy to install
"No, it does not have the Elvis the King slot.  Not including the 2 bonus slot games which are older, the slots that are in the game are:Alien InvasionBlossom BucksBlue PlateBug OutCold CashCouch PotatoCover The SpreadEmerald Oasis, 3, 5 & ProgressiveFlying HighFunny MoneyJewelry BoxMargarita, 3, 5 & ProgressiveMonstersNinjas of the CaribbeanPinata PayoutProgressive FruitRoad PizzaRuby River, 3, 5 & ProgressiveSapphire SeaShoesShooting StarsSix ShooterSugar DaddySweet SuccessThree WishesWild Wheel



    No, it does not have the Elvis the King slot. Not including the 2 bonus slot games which are older, the slots that are in the game are:Alien InvasionBlossom BucksBlue PlateBug OutCold CashCouch PotatoCover The SpreadEmerald Oasis, 3, 5 & ProgressiveFlying HighFunny MoneyJewelry BoxMargarita, 3, 5 & ProgressiveMonstersNinjas of the CaribbeanPinata PayoutProgressive FruitRoad PizzaRuby River, 3, 5 & ProgressiveSapphire SeaShoesShooting StarsSix ShooterSugar...
      » 
Read More


   No, it does not have the Elvis the King slot.  Not including the 2 bonus slot games which are older, the slots that are in the game are:Alien InvasionBlossom BucksBlue PlateBug OutCold CashCouch PotatoCover The SpreadEmerald Oasis, 3, 5 & ProgressiveFlying HighFunny MoneyJewelry BoxMargarita, 3, 5 & ProgressiveMonstersNinjas of the CaribbeanPinata PayoutProgressive FruitRoad PizzaRuby River, 3, 5 & ProgressiveSapphire SeaShoesShooting StarsSix ShooterSugar DaddySweet SuccessThree WishesWild Wheel
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, it does!
Yes.
You can use the full screen option to make cards big enough - I would think this should work for you.
yes, it does!  I had an older version & when I installed the new one my old face was included.  Saved a lot of time for me!!
Yes it can be played  on a laptop or desktop and after its installed CD is not needed to play
Shark Attack Pack, Z Style Pack, The Trouble With Clones, Genkibowl VII, Gangstas in Space, Penthouse Pack, Invincible Pack, Genki Girl Pack, Funtime! Pack, Explosive Combat Pack, Special Ops Vehicle Pack, Moneyshot Pack, Steelport Gangs Pack, Witches and Wieners, Warrior Pack, Nyte Blayde Pack, Horror Pack,  CheapyD, Online Pass.
Yes.
It should work.
Yes the game comes with a disc for dlc
It is compatible with windows 8 for sure.I am not sure about mac...
Only if you are a man 360 no scoper
"Cable Length is 150cm (4""9 ft)"
There is good news and bad news. The bad news is I looked it up and what I found was don't insert the Mini CD into the slot. The good news is you don't need to instal the CD to use the keyboard. You only install I if you want to program the keys.
"It doesn't respond well to the dual modifier keys test about 60% work, but with a single modifier key and multiple normal keys including F keys it works fine not including the number pad.Modifier Keys + Z + XCVBNM<>?ASDFGHJKL:""}{POIUYTREWQ!@#$%^&*()_+| | F1-F12 Up Down Left Right Apps Right/Left Windows Alt CtrlModifier Keys + Many keys as I can hold down and type still works as wellNormal char keys many as I can hold down and the rest of the keyboard works as long as it's the first keys are not modifiers.If you tell me what you need to work exactly I'll try it for you and even download the game if it's not giant like 20GB. I already I have a huge lib of mmorpg, fps, rhythm, and bullet hell. If your game is of that genre I most likely have it installed.As for the keyboard itself it's a bit banged up today, but still going strong and I've hit over the 10 million press mark alone on the Q W A S D E keys and over 8 on Up Down Left Right. What can I say I'm a gaming junkie and I've wore the rubber off lol.-Andrew



    It doesn't respond well to the dual modifier keys test about 60% work, but with a single modifier key and multiple normal keys including F keys it works fine not including the number pad.Modifier Keys + Z + XCVBNM<>?ASDFGHJKL:""}{POIUYTREWQ!@#$%^&*()_+| | F1-F12 Up Down Left Right Apps Right/Left Windows Alt CtrlModifier Keys + Many keys as I can hold down and type still works as wellNormal char keys many as I can hold down and the rest of the keyboard works as long as it's the first keys are not modifiers.If you tell me what you need to...
      » 
Read More


   It doesn't respond well to the dual modifier keys test about 60% work, but with a single modifier key and multiple normal keys including F keys it works fine not including the number pad.Modifier Keys + Z + XCVBNM<>?ASDFGHJKL:""}{POIUYTREWQ!@#$%^&*()_+| | F1-F12 Up Down Left Right Apps Right/Left Windows Alt CtrlModifier Keys + Many keys as I can hold down and type still works as wellNormal char keys many as I can hold down and the rest of the keyboard works as long as it's the first keys are not modifiers.If you tell me what you need to work exactly I'll try it for you and even download the game if it's not giant like 20GB. I already I have a huge lib of mmorpg, fps, rhythm, and bullet hell. If your game is of that genre I most likely have it installed.As for the keyboard itself it's a bit banged up today, but still going strong and I've hit over the 10 million press mark alone on the Q W A S D E keys and over 8 on Up Down Left Right. What can I say I'm a gaming junkie and I've wore the rubber off lol.-Andrew
      « 

Show Less"
Only one led and it is blue
It is mac compatable. but i dont think the install cd will work seeing as it is an Exe, but i could be wrong
This works with all regions of the 3DS XL. In short yes.
Frankly no. It adds nothing to it. The new 3ds has the two extra zl and zr buttons, and a c stick. If you want it for the ergonomic feel you can simply get a handle case.
yes it does, check your local gamestop though could they sld carry them now and cheaper.
nope
"No it will not as it won't fit properly on the new hardware. That ""c stick"" nub and the extra shoulder buttons takes the place of the Circle Pad Pro attachment and alleviate the need for it."
Some games have the option to have the circle pad, which in most cases, enhances your game play. Best example is Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate which helps with the camera movement.
Not that I know of. Usually games have an option for the circle pad pro in the control options (MGS 3 did), but Smash did not.
The circle pad pro is compatible with the Nintendo 3DS XL, also known as 3DS LL. 3DS system is not included with the circle pad pro
I haven't had any problems with scratching from either my circle pad pro or my one for the xl. Sometimes dust and stuff can get into the CPP if not used for a bit but dust it out and you should be fine.
No, this is not a 3DS (and it isn't marketed that way). It's a Nintendo peripheral that adds functionality (extra circle pad and two extra buttons; ZL and ZR) to a 3DS XL.
I don't know the answer. sorry
"Wii Sports consists of five separate sports games-tennis, baseball, bowling, golf, and boxing. Sports Resort consists of the following ""resort"" style games:Swordplay, Wake-boarding, Frisbee, Archery, Basketball, Table Tennis, Golf, Bowling, Power Cruising, Canoeing, Cycling, and Air Sports(Parachuting and Piloting).GameCube compatibility is limited to the first generation Wiis which include an earlier version of the Sports Resort bundle. Always read descriptions of items and ask sellers questions before purchasing. Hope this helps."
Yes, once you set up your Wi-Fi and get your Wii online, you can use Netflix or Amazon Instant Video directly from the options menu. Hope that helps.
Yes it does
Yes. Bowling, table tennis, etc.
No Wii model has HDMI output. The Wii U, the next generation console that is not a Wii, has HDMI.
Yes there are games you can get that are the same as karaoke.
Hi,David. The only difference between both models its that the essential version has no Green LED backlit keys and the Expert version its fully illuminated with the green backlit keys. If you like the design and the Chiclet style keys go for the Expert version.In my opinion this is a very good keyboard. Maybe at the begining it take some days to get used to it but soon or later you wont regret.This is very good keyboard for the price.
Yes
Not at all.
Everything OK !
the lighting on the keyboard is fully customisable, going from off to bright and everywhere in between.
"The style with the membrane. The software was horrible and profiles switched on their own without me doing anything to trigger it. The software also uses a cloud setup, so it is another application connected to the internet. The ""on-the-fly"" macro programming is a joke. I sent it back and got a Logitech G510s (also membrane though). But have had no problems with it so far (2 weeks), and love it."
C = Caps Lock 1 = NumLock S = Scroll Lock I own the keyboard and love it! Perfect for me! xD
They keys measure 1/2 inch
Yup!
I would download a copy of Winrar: http://www.rarlab.com/download.htm    Use Winrar to extract the zip package to your desktop, and install that way.
"I'm honestly not sure as I've never purchased any of my game expansions for FFXI through Steam.  However after some searching about I found this website which I believe answers your question:https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2292-OAKZ-7524Just a bit down the page it states:"" Note: Retail CD-Keys for this game cannot be registered through Steam. If you wish to create a shortcut to this game under your Library, instructions can be found here: https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2219-YDJV-5557""So while it doesn't appear you can add it directly to your library, it seems there may be a way to link a shortcut for yourself in steam to reach the game.  I hope that answers your question, and if not then at the very least you've got somewhere you can start to dig a little deeper! :)  I wish you the best of luck.



    I'm honestly not sure as I've never purchased any of my game expansions for FFXI through Steam. However after some searching about I found this website which I believe answers your question:https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2292-OAKZ-7524Just a bit down the page it states:"" Note: Retail CD-Keys for this game cannot be registered through Steam. If you wish to create a shortcut to this game under your Library, instructions can be found here: https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2219-YDJV-5557""So while it...
      » 
Read More


   I'm honestly not sure as I've never purchased any of my game expansions for FFXI through Steam.  However after some searching about I found this website which I believe answers your question:https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2292-OAKZ-7524Just a bit down the page it states:"" Note: Retail CD-Keys for this game cannot be registered through Steam. If you wish to create a shortcut to this game under your Library, instructions can be found here: https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2219-YDJV-5557""So while it doesn't appear you can add it directly to your library, it seems there may be a way to link a shortcut for yourself in steam to reach the game.  I hope that answers your question, and if not then at the very least you've got somewhere you can start to dig a little deeper! :)  I wish you the best of luck.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it is.  You WILL have to make sure to allow it to install directX 9 and whatever else it wants during install.  If you do not, it will cause problems as windows 8/8.1 do not have native DX9 support.
You can select what you want to have installed and once you add your new activation code your account will know you have the ultimate collection for Seekers of Adoulin - no problems.
Downloadable. But I wouldn't recommend it. I wasn't able to even get to the character screen.
I don't believe there's a buddy key, it only have me registration key for the entire connection (one key for all)  a key to unlock chocobo hat, and another to unlock chocobo shirt.  Those two items alone are worth your friend buying the game himself, however.  Hat gives auto reraise/regen/refresh to level 31, shirt gives +50 acc/racc/magic accuracy to 31.
Yes it will.
Just one for the whole package
There's a POL viewer bug with windows 7 and beyond. The architecture of windows changed after XP. Your computer can run it! You just have to download the new POL viewer client from: http://www.playonline.com/ff11us/download/media/vista01.html?pageID=mediaHope this helps! Happy gaming!
"Thanks for ask... mmmm in my opinion... I'm a player of FPS games and I sell accesories in my country. I take this mouse for test the mmo role. This mouse surprise me because has ergonomy, very intelligent buttons position, like I said in the review; very very very good performance and beautiful suit for the configuration. For FPS is a little weight but I think for MMO is perfect because the buttons aren't confuse to select. I never had the G600, but the buttons in the M95 I think are better positioned than G600. Take a risk and buy this mouse... Really Corsair is very good in mice, I wanna try the M65 for me because have variable system weight and only have 8 buttons not 15, I dont need 15 buttons to play in FPS.Well to finish, I think your fat thumbs can use the M95 perfectly. It's for the middle size of hands. Lets do it try and tell us how works to you... For me very good mouse



    Thanks for ask... mmmm in my opinion... I'm a player of FPS games and I sell accesories in my country. I take this mouse for test the mmo role. This mouse surprise me because has ergonomy, very intelligent buttons position, like I said in the review; very very very good performance and beautiful suit for the configuration. For FPS is a little weight but I think for MMO is perfect because the buttons aren't confuse to select. I never had the G600, but the buttons in the M95 I think are better positioned than G600. Take a risk and buy this mouse... Really Corsair is very good in mice, I wanna...
      » 
Read More


   Thanks for ask... mmmm in my opinion... I'm a player of FPS games and I sell accesories in my country. I take this mouse for test the mmo role. This mouse surprise me because has ergonomy, very intelligent buttons position, like I said in the review; very very very good performance and beautiful suit for the configuration. For FPS is a little weight but I think for MMO is perfect because the buttons aren't confuse to select. I never had the G600, but the buttons in the M95 I think are better positioned than G600. Take a risk and buy this mouse... Really Corsair is very good in mice, I wanna try the M65 for me because have variable system weight and only have 8 buttons not 15, I dont need 15 buttons to play in FPS.Well to finish, I think your fat thumbs can use the M95 perfectly. It's for the middle size of hands. Lets do it try and tell us how works to you... For me very good mouse
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, the Corsair M95 will work perfectly on most surfaces. After you download software for the M95 off the Corsair website, you can run a test and the M95 will detect the quality of the mouse mat. That will make the mouse be able to be more accurate on the mouse mat you are using.
Yes, the wheel is also utilized as a button.
The corsair website say's Win7, Win8, XP, Vista. So I would say it should work with 8.1http://www.corsair.com/us/gaming-peripherals/gaming-mice/vengeance-m95-performance-mmo-and-rts-laser-gaming-mouse-gunmetal-black.html
yeah, this mouse is perfect for big hands.
Yes the software lets you turn off the leds
Yes, yes you can.
No, it has the buttons on the left, and there's a spot to grip it on the right but no pinky rest
1000Hz max (1ms response time).
"Inside the case, there's an ""installation"" sheet, labelled ""INSTALLING THE GAME.""  The ""Product Code"" is the 15 character assortment of letters and numbers at the bottom of the ""installation"" sheet.  For example: ""K5UJE-8C8D4-8D8GG,"" (not an actual Product Code)."
Yes,no problem...
2 players.  But bigger monitor but better view.
Yes. Steam required.
"Hi Patty.  Note that this is for a Windows PC, so I can't say for sure whether or not it will work on an Xbox.  Here's the following from the back of the disc case that might help answer your question concerning storage: ""Minimum System Requirements - 7GB available space, 1GB RAM for Windows XP, 2GB RAM for Windows Vista/7/8.""  Also ""Recommended System Requirements - 7GB available space and 4GB RAM.""  I hope this helps."
I don't think so. However, Steam has a platform they built on Linux that runs games.
buy and play.
Yes.  It's a link to the Steam system which actually holds the game.  There is no way to play the game without internet.
You do not charge it. Its USB powered wired headphone. Its not wireless and that's the key point that it conects to every audio-enabled device (mobile, ps3, PC, Xbox)
I must have gotten a lemon.  Mine broke between the ear cup and the head band after 13-months.  It was only ever used at my desk, and I typically handled it with care.
yes it works perfectly with my windows 8.1, and it comes with an attachable amplifier so you can control the musics treble and bass. Music comes out with nice bass and no outside noises.
Don't let the employees of the manufacturer fool you. It is only minimally compatible with the PS4 out of the box. Most of the advertised features, most notably the separate volume controls for the game and chat, require a $35 adapter. Without said adapter, this is a discount headset at a premium headset price.
No it does not work without the Xbox One Stereo Headset Adapter. Which will run you about another $30 bucks
The length of unit is over 17.5 feet long. You can extend the length on the headphone side of amp with a male/female 3.5 mm 4-pole extension cable. (Sorry for delay in answer, I was on vacation and just caught up on email)
I'm not sure what WII U is. They work good with PS 4.  if you're referring to wii I don't know
I don't know if it works on the Wii U because it says X Box and PS3 so I would suggest looking for a headset that tells u what it works on.
If you get the game for PS3 or PS4 you will get the 60 min of gameplay.
what copy did u get?
I'm sorry but Chinese does not appear to be one of the options. I had my son check.
No
As far as I know, (I don't play this game, but I did test it out)  it is fairly quiet.  The one section I tested had a guy walking around.  Faint footsteps, no background noises (ie: traffic sounds, etc)  There is a set-up menu though.  Check that to see if there are 'other settings', they may have included a section to tweak sounds.  Sorry I could not be more helpful.
Hi Julian, I bought my new for two reasons first the new cost about as much as a used one and second if u buy new u are getting a warrenty I had no probs w/ the installation it's fast and simple
The game is cool, worth every penny
Yes.
It does not take batteries. If its not responding its most likely that either the mouse itself is broken or that there as an issue with the USB port or PC
Yes
Yes, you can give every button on the mouse programmable commands
Mine stopped working about 2 weeks after I got it; so I had to return the mouse. :\
"Yes, Just download the software for the mouse and you can change the ""+/-"" into whatever action you would like.I've done the same on Battlefield and it works great."
The colors are static; you have to change between different colors through the control panel software packaged with the mouse. You can set the frequency at which a color pulses.
Yes. It does not require gold, but you do need to be a member of Xbox live to redeem the code. If you do not want to pay for gold you can simply make a free silver account.
You have to wait for it to be shipped to your house.
Yeah, save data is on the hard drive and can be accessed by the games on demand version or disk version, or both!
Yes they do. Completely awesome
I just used mine for 6 straight hours, and 2 hours the day before, still going strong. I would estimate 10 hours full charge to dead.
I have only used it on my xbox one and my computer. Yes it is wireless but you will have to plug a wire from the headset to the controller on the Xbox one.
It's 1 in 1 out
Yes the usb is just the power,but your just have to switch the optical cable to the system your going to use.
Yes it does
I had a similar set up it completely work. I have optics out of computer and out to a optical to analog speaker system
Joel, these are one of the best headsets I've ever owned. There worth every penny and as for bass and sound quality it is also at there best you can't go wrong. Just try them and see what awaits you!!!
I'm  very careful with mine as well, to me I feel like they will last longer  if your very careful like you said.
I think yes, just like FIFA & NHL
maybe, if u set ur console language to spanish
no it work fine.. the kids play that game all damn day
"On my Debian 7 system, all multimedia keys work as expected with VLC media player (but not otherwise). Unfortunately, there is a problem with caps lock, num lock, and scroll lock keys: They don't work at all when the polling rate switch is set to anything but ""bios mode"". If, however, the switch is set to bios mode, both caps lock and num lock leds work as expected, but the scroll lock led blinks continuously, which is very annoying and distracting. As far I know after looking on the Internet (including Corsair forums), there is no way to turn off that blinking scroll lock led."
The BIOS switch both adjusts the polling rate and allows you to turn off advanced keyboard features for compatibility with certain motherboard BIOS and KVM switches. Settings of 1, 2, 4, and 8 are millisecond polling rates (1ms = 1000hz). Switching to BIOS reduces the polling rate and turns off other features for maximum compatibility. By default we ship at 1ms (1000Hz) and most gamers will prefer to just use the setting. from http://forum.corsair.com/v3/showthread.php?t=118655
Corsair still has problems with their backlighting, do not recommend buying.
Yes the wrist rest is removable
"The design of the keys aren't like traditional keyboards where you push down a key, and it goes below some hole. On the K70, the aluminum plate you see IS the bottom plate for all the keys. Not only does this design allow for easy cleaning, but the way the back light LEDS shine will also be reflected off of the aluminum body, giving it a very nice glow under/around each key. I spilled a drop or 2 of orange juice on the keyboard the first day i got it, and it landed not on top of any keys but rather under them. I simply used the included key puller and removed the keys near the spillage, and cleaned it up real easy.



    The design of the keys aren't like traditional keyboards where you push down a key, and it goes below some hole. On the K70, the aluminum plate you see IS the bottom plate for all the keys. Not only does this design allow for easy cleaning, but the way the back light LEDS shine will also be reflected off of the aluminum body, giving it a very nice glow under/around each key. I spilled a drop or 2 of orange juice on the keyboard the first day i got it, and it landed not on top of any keys but rather under them. I simply used the included key puller and removed the keys near the spillage, and...
      » 
Read More


   The design of the keys aren't like traditional keyboards where you push down a key, and it goes below some hole. On the K70, the aluminum plate you see IS the bottom plate for all the keys. Not only does this design allow for easy cleaning, but the way the back light LEDS shine will also be reflected off of the aluminum body, giving it a very nice glow under/around each key. I spilled a drop or 2 of orange juice on the keyboard the first day i got it, and it landed not on top of any keys but rather under them. I simply used the included key puller and removed the keys near the spillage, and cleaned it up real easy.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
Yes yes yes! It's so worth the money! My boyfriend has one and I got one too! He games and plays Battlefield 4 mostly and he has had a lot of keyboards, none compare to this one! I don't even game and I had to have it! I'm very picky with my keyboards & this one is perfect! Volume control, lights up red so it's easy to see even in the dark, amazing quality, etc! Highly recommend!
Most of the keys, yes.  There may be a few portions such as the media keys or num/caps/scroll lock LEDs that aren't fully supported though.Edit: As I said, it works under OSX.  There are even some of the reviews that confirm this:http://www.amazon.com/review/R22XSK10XCZLS6/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00EU5WIDS&linkCode;=&nodeID;=&tag;=
Hard to tell at this moment as I just have the keyboard for a week and a half now but so far no LED issues whatsoever. Another thing is that I only turn on the keys I use for gaming, the rest are off. I will update this answer if any problem arise. But so far the keyboard is gorgeous and feels great.
"That is a difficult question, since the form factor differs on the two.  Not quite comparing apples to apples.  I looked up the CM Storm QuickFire TK and I see they incorporated the DLT-PrtScn-Arrow Key section as 2nd Functions into the Numpad area.  This smaller form factor decreases the distance between your left and right hand and may be more comfortable for your shoulders, or that's atleast the idea.  I haven't owned a smaller form factor keyboard myself.Form factor wise it would be better to compare the K65 with the CM Storm QuickFire TK.  The QuickFire TK would win hands down, because of a lack of features on the K65- no wrist rest, back-lighting, etc.The K70 has a very nice volume controller on the keyboard and dedicated media keys, but if you don't use media keys that often or if you do, but don't mind using them as a 2nd Function, it doesn't matter that much not having them as dedicated keys.The K70 has a very nice wrist rest and this may sound stupid, but this wins high points for me with the K70, since when I use a desktop keyboard really alot, I get keyboard wrist inflammation, if that is even a term.  I bought a wrist gel (3M make for both my keyboard and mouse) months before I decided on which mechanical keyboard I was going to buy so that I wouldn't prefer one over the other just because of this add-on and so that I would have one if I decided to go with a keyboard without one.  I used that gel wrist rest with my mouse, and it worked for a decent amount of months to stop the small frequent friction of my wrist against the mousepad/wooden table, but then I started to get a lasting pain a little higher up in my wrist because of the declining position I had to hold my wrist in to use the mouse with the wrist rest.That said, I have no problems with the K70 wrist rest, and that just shows how well designed it is and how even if you buy a separate wrist rest, it will probably not be as comfortable as the one provided with the K70.Subjectively for me, I would go with the K70 instead of the CM Storm QuickFire TK, since I enjoy the dedicated media keys and volume controller and its wrist rest.  At the time I bought my K70, only the cherry mx red version was available.  I would advise you to go with the cherry mx brown version out now since it has a little bit of a tactile feedback.  Also, get yourself some rubber o-rings from amazon that reduces the key travel by supposedly 2mm and reduces bottoming out noise.  I use it myself, trust me, it works very well.You might want to wait if you want more back-light color options on your keyboard since the corsair K70 RGB is almost out (all though only with cherry mx red keys at the moment, I would advise cherry mx browns, like I said).  It gives you options to all the colors of the rainbow and more.  It cost $40 more than the regular K70 version, so it's up to you if it is worth the cost.If you have to go for a keyboard now, I would say get the corsair K70 cherry mx brown.  I also use the textured key-caps W, S and D, not the A since it is curved to the left and for the purposes I use it, I don't find it comfortable.  These textured key-caps are quite nice for a little extra tactile feel.



    That is a difficult question, since the form factor differs on the two. Not quite comparing apples to apples. I looked up the CM Storm QuickFire TK and I see they incorporated the DLT-PrtScn-Arrow Key section as 2nd Functions into the Numpad area. This smaller form factor decreases the distance between your left and right hand and may be more comfortable for your shoulders, or that's atleast the idea. I haven't owned a smaller form factor keyboard myself.Form factor wise it would be better to compare the K65 with the CM Storm QuickFire TK. The QuickFire TK would win hands down,...
      » 
Read More


   That is a difficult question, since the form factor differs on the two.  Not quite comparing apples to apples.  I looked up the CM Storm QuickFire TK and I see they incorporated the DLT-PrtScn-Arrow Key section as 2nd Functions into the Numpad area.  This smaller form factor decreases the distance between your left and right hand and may be more comfortable for your shoulders, or that's atleast the idea.  I haven't owned a smaller form factor keyboard myself.Form factor wise it would be better to compare the K65 with the CM Storm QuickFire TK.  The QuickFire TK would win hands down, because of a lack of features on the K65- no wrist rest, back-lighting, etc.The K70 has a very nice volume controller on the keyboard and dedicated media keys, but if you don't use media keys that often or if you do, but don't mind using them as a 2nd Function, it doesn't matter that much not having them as dedicated keys.The K70 has a very nice wrist rest and this may sound stupid, but this wins high points for me with the K70, since when I use a desktop keyboard really alot, I get keyboard wrist inflammation, if that is even a term.  I bought a wrist gel (3M make for both my keyboard and mouse) months before I decided on which mechanical keyboard I was going to buy so that I wouldn't prefer one over the other just because of this add-on and so that I would have one if I decided to go with a keyboard without one.  I used that gel wrist rest with my mouse, and it worked for a decent amount of months to stop the small frequent friction of my wrist against the mousepad/wooden table, but then I started to get a lasting pain a little higher up in my wrist because of the declining position I had to hold my wrist in to use the mouse with the wrist rest.That said, I have no problems with the K70 wrist rest, and that just shows how well designed it is and how even if you buy a separate wrist rest, it will probably not be as comfortable as the one provided with the K70.Subjectively for me, I would go with the K70 instead of the CM Storm QuickFire TK, since I enjoy the dedicated media keys and volume controller and its wrist rest.  At the time I bought my K70, only the cherry mx red version was available.  I would advise you to go with the cherry mx brown version out now since it has a little bit of a tactile feedback.  Also, get yourself some rubber o-rings from amazon that reduces the key travel by supposedly 2mm and reduces bottoming out noise.  I use it myself, trust me, it works very well.You might want to wait if you want more back-light color options on your keyboard since the corsair K70 RGB is almost out (all though only with cherry mx red keys at the moment, I would advise cherry mx browns, like I said).  It gives you options to all the colors of the rainbow and more.  It cost $40 more than the regular K70 version, so it's up to you if it is worth the cost.If you have to go for a keyboard now, I would say get the corsair K70 cherry mx brown.  I also use the textured key-caps W, S and D, not the A since it is curved to the left and for the purposes I use it, I don't find it comfortable.  These textured key-caps are quite nice for a little extra tactile feel.
      « 

Show Less"
You can take the fight outside the wrestling ring but not into the stands.
Hey bud, you may need to un install and re install the game. Sometimes updates delete cc files on accident.
Sin Cara is in 2k14 most likely 15 as well
No
2k15
I do not know - this was bought as a gift for someone else.
No persistent internet connection DRM for Wolfenstein: The New Order. Bethesda Softworks announced that the game will use Steam DRM.  You will need to be online to activate the game and to run the initial setup process the first time you start the game, but you can play the game offline afterward.
Its single player only
Online Prediction:Core i5-660 3.33GHzAthlon II X4 620GeForce 9800 GTXRadeon HD 5550 1024MBWin Xp 32DX 9HDD: 25 GB
All these work well as long as you update the drivers. I use a XFX AMD RADEON 6450 2 GB, WORKS GREAT.
No
"I can't say ""yes"" with absolute authority- SINCE I NEVER GOT THE DAMN GAME TO WORK ON MY COMPUTER- but previous Windows-based versions of Wolfenstein worked with a joystick, so I would guess that this one would, too."
that is what I have and it works beautifully. Just remember the system requirements for this including i7, big graphics card, etc.
A web site you join to play Wolf and others.  You don't het Wolf with this buy.
Yes nuke town is on it. Also come with a free map pack down loan that adds 4 more multiplayer levels and a zombie level. Its a great buy.
DLC has to be redeemed through the psn store, even if it's the gotye. You should receive a 12 digit code to redeem for dlc, or purchase it separately in the store
It includes the game, with a code for the digital download. Yes.
Yea there's actually a paper and on the back comes a code for the first DLC Map pack
No
I think nuke town is included also
About 15 hours Long.
The DLC aré multiplayer packs. They contain new mp maps and new episodes of extinction cooperative game. There are 2 more packs coming.
physical
I don't think so
No we don't. Sorry
I have noticed it lagging a lot more lately. It didnt do that before Advanced Warfare came out. It may be because of the lack of people playing it now which would result in the lack of good connections.
no you cannot
Yes, mine is 720
No
It clicks as you scroll
Yes it does make a slight clicking noise with all buttons. Its somewhat quieter than most and definitly quieter than just about every keyboard I have owned but you will eventually not even hear it all after a short while. The buttons have a nice feedback feel to them and if you have small hands such as I because I am a shorter person than average the mouse will feel a little big to you but all in all I like it.
On my mouse i can it has options for 125 hz. 250hz  500 or 1000 in the settings menu
There is a very little noticeable difference, but the game is more interesting to play on the wii u. And also you hace the option to use the game pad as a standalone console.
Wii u games cannot be used on the wii but wii games can be played on the wii u
Unknown.  Purchased for newphews and it has not yet arrived.
I asked my son this, and he said he does not know. He has never seen the option for it. Sorry!
Lego Indiana jones 2
Yes and yes. It follows the formula of the other Lego video games, but I personally prefer this one among the rest. :P
You are able to get dolby digital audio through the spidif, if you use the bluetooth as comunication device on your computer you will be able to use speaker and microphone on your headsets as mean of comunication. The spidif it self does not support the microphone audio to be send. I have been using the blutooth for skype calls and online gaming and it works. Hope this helps.
I would check the PS4 settings for chat volume. The headset has chat control on the right side of the headphone. Hope that helps
Pull on the middle of the cord, not on the base attached to the headset.
It's the Turtle Beach PX4. If it's wireless that will confirm it. Also if you have the accessories of the PX4
Yes the headset is compatible with PS3 as well as ps4...awesome headset. I purchased the headset when the ps4 first came out on day 1 and a year and half later it's still running like a champ.
Yes. It has a feature to automatically adjust chat volume according to the sound signal, ie what's going on in the game. So if youre in a loud cinematic in game moment, the chat will also j crease in volume. I turn the sound down most of the time unless I'm gaming alone. I personally I don't like the feature because it sounds like people are uelling in your ear when the music gets loud
Yes my son uses it on his laptop. Windows 8.1 lenova laptop
I don't understand. Of course it will work for God of War, it's just a standard PS3 controller. The buttons are incredibly responsive. The d-pad especially is wonderful, although I'd expect you won't use that if GOW. The face buttons have nice rounded edges which is great for standard beat-em-up fare like rapid square/triangle combos. I have a callus on my thumb from playing Castle Crashers on a stock PS3 controller. The HORI works much better for me.
Mostly yes, that's more game-specific, you'll probly want an external remapping app such as joy2key or Xpadder for some games.
Yes it comes with the cord. The cord is attached to it .
Yes
Not sure about that unless you mean the two thumb controllers that rotate sorta like a gyroscope. It also has a turbo feature.
It only works with the PS3, so no it does not work on a MAC.
Yes
Yes, i just tried and it worked
No it does not, it comes it a plastic clear box.
Hello Matt, the Ouroboros performs quite well on non-traditional surfaces surprisingly. I have tried it on wood (desk), vinyl (like a fold out table surface), plastic (video game case), my razer mouse pad, and on my bed all seem to have little effect.  I will say this though that it seems most important that the surface is smooth/flat.  Let me know if you would like to know anything else!
The side buttons are well designed and will not be accidentally pressed easily, no matter what type of wings you choose. And the feel is clicky.
"It depends. I know the Razer Ouroboros is a great product because I use it every single day. I have not used the Logitech mouse so I can't really compare the two. They Razer mouse is more adaptable if you are left handed than most computer mice. It has a very different button layout than the Logitech though. So, it depends on how often you use the additional buttons (other than the left and right click and the mouse wheel, which are now pretty standard inclusions). If you use them often you will want to consider which ones you will be more comfortable using. I do like the stabilizing wings on the Razer mouse, which the Logitech does not appear to have. I don't know that I have helped much, but they are two very different mice and I don't know nearly enough about the Logitech to give you a better answer.



    It depends. I know the Razer Ouroboros is a great product because I use it every single day. I have not used the Logitech mouse so I can't really compare the two. They Razer mouse is more adaptable if you are left handed than most computer mice. It has a very different button layout than the Logitech though. So, it depends on how often you use the additional buttons (other than the left and right click and the mouse wheel, which are now pretty standard inclusions). If you use them often you will want to consider which ones you will be more comfortable using. I do like the stabilizing wings...
      » 
Read More


   It depends. I know the Razer Ouroboros is a great product because I use it every single day. I have not used the Logitech mouse so I can't really compare the two. They Razer mouse is more adaptable if you are left handed than most computer mice. It has a very different button layout than the Logitech though. So, it depends on how often you use the additional buttons (other than the left and right click and the mouse wheel, which are now pretty standard inclusions). If you use them often you will want to consider which ones you will be more comfortable using. I do like the stabilizing wings on the Razer mouse, which the Logitech does not appear to have. I don't know that I have helped much, but they are two very different mice and I don't know nearly enough about the Logitech to give you a better answer.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes. Since it is USB 2.0/3.0 compatible it is capable of being used on any OS that has USB driver support (generally UPnP)
There is through a custom tool developed outside of Razer: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/razer#Compatibility
You dont need a plug for it, it only needs an USB port
yes!
Yes, but only in a mode called Garden Ops  ( you protect your garden from AI zombies) and you still need to be online. ( select private match/ invite only )
It took several hours (maybe 3-4?). But I have cable modem, so it would be faster than your DSL. That was my frustration with this purchase... downloading that much to my son's PC, and then NOT have it work unless it was on-line! Amazon never offered me a refund nor was there a way to request one.
I believe so. The only real issue with Vista is that it doesn't have anti-virus updates any longer. I liked it much better than the Windows 8 I have now. My son loves this game, so I'm sure yours will too.
I would say most games are better on an Xbox but the pc version of this game works really well. The graphics are great, colors are vivid and there's no lag time in play. I bought this version so our son could play it and not tie up our big screen TV. It was a great compromise for us.
Hi. I don´t know. I buy this game and run it in my Hp laptop with 12Ghz
I did not try it on mac. I am using windows 7. But i think it should work on any PCs. As long as the origin server works on you pc, you should be able to play this games on that server.
Yes as long as your credit card matches the US Address.If not,Then no
Online gaming and the PlayStation store both work normally and you will have no problems. The only difference between a US Vita and Japan version that I can tell is that the circle button okay's things and the X button backs up out of menus.
Yes, the included ac adapter works in the USA.
Hello.I can ship this item to Cambodia.
Yes you can
Yeah
My is a Japanese import but I'm not planning to sell my if you like go check out seller japan premium that where I bought my
It supports quite a few languages. You select the language during setup.
No you cannot. Playstation and Xbox are on two completely different networks. However, if your friend another Vita, you can play there.
No
Nope! Everything is on the disk. One of the great things about GotY games is they come packed with everything ready to go.
No you can play the first disc...or install the dlc from the 2nd...once you install it...it goes to your hard drive...both are not needed...hope this helps.
First time through... roughly 18 - 20 hours long.
I think because of the violence , blood , some gore, there is also a brothel, and just the subject matter over all else. But Those are the only reasons that I can think of. And why they gave it an M rating.
Yes
Yes
I don't believe so since it never ask me for one.  It just uses the internal that is there.  the only reason I can think of why it would require an additional hard drive is if your drive is full.  you might want to check that and delete any old saves you don't need any longer.
Mine did.
Yes
At first I thought no, but it actually telescopes out enough for my google nexus 7. It still had about an inch more of telescoping it could do
No. Only for phone size.
The clip opens up pretty far, Im sure it would
It sure does. But it rests lightly enough on them that it hasn't been a major issue for me.
Yes, the 2015 mustang is a free dlc
No steering wheel needed. I personally like to play on the controller since I am used to it but if you really want to, there is a wheel for the xbox one called the Thrustmaster TX Racing wheel that you can buy for about 200 bucks. And there are also some optional add ons. But no, you dont need a wheel.
Can't earn all of them...gotta buy with real money...sucks.
No
A lot of what this game does well to set itself apart from previous installments is features such as drivatars, new vibration system, improved physics, and advanced visuals. These things are for the most part probably not possible on the 360, so what would be the point to release Forza 5 with less content and features on last gen without these new additions to the franchise? I really don't see any.
Yes. The game will switch to split screen. However, you can not play online with two people using the same xbox.
No. Forza Motorsport 5 is only playable on the Xbox One entertainment system. Forza 4 and Forza Horizon are two racing games, from the same franchise, that are available on the Xbox 360.
Yes
Although, some people have uploaded rosters with them on it that are free to download
I am not sure on this particular game as I have not played online yet. I did download a roster that I liked better than what the game had, but usually they give you a code that works or the playstation store has a free one. When I went into the online screen on accident it acessed it and did not mention anything about needing an online pass.
Yes
Yes, the roster it's updated every week
Yes
in my view, take mlb 13 back and put it towards mlb 14; you can play faster games; its great to me and i too have a ps3!
Now confirmed for August 19th.  http://www.gamespot.com/articles/diablo-3-ultimate-evil-edition-confirmed-for-both-xbox-one-and-ps4-coming-this-august/1100-6419572/
Yes the monthly fee is how the drop rate will slowly drain your soul
More specifically.....It is couch co op, online multiplayer, and single player (or like were going to do 2 couch co op and 2 players on our online friends list)You can play 1-4 players in both couch co op and online (if you have 4 controllers that is haha)
Yes. It is cheap but functional.
matte
Yes it is
Yes you can purchase them from walmart I have also seen them at Amazon. I hope I helped.
my personal choice is the regular one
It is long codes for each DLC
I dont know.  I haven't played either version.  Before I got a chance to play the GOTY edition my 360 died.
It works on PC
Yes it is, I have both a PS3 and PS4 and it works perfectly with them. With the 3 you must attach the adaptor cable though but with the 4 you can plug it straight into the controller. Hope this helps!
Hello, You can use the Inline cable as long as your TV has an audio output section on it which is attached to the inline. The PS4 itself does not have these connections so as long as you can connect to a RCA output via your TV you will be able to use the inline.
No
Yes, you can.
It can extend, but big ears no
Not unless your partners have the TV up where your voice comes through the TV and back through the mic. The Mic is really good.
I want to say 4 to 5 inches. Its plenty long enough to reach the front of your mouth
The limited edition comes with an exclusive outfit, the game soundtrack and the Paper Trail and Cole's Legacy missions. Personally, I think it's worth the buy.
"Imo I think it's better than the first.  In this one, the graphics are gorgeous and every facial animation is incredible; I found myself deeply immersed during the cut scenes.  Also, the game play is phenomenal; and as you progress in the story they give you new powers; each very unique and different than the last; with each new power you get a whole new atomic bomb for it!  They also give you the choice to switch between the different powers when ever you want!  The only con about the game, imo, is the minor differences between the good/evil power sets; they are pretty much the same, but the different powers you get makes up for it.  Overall I give this game a 9; and I recommend it to all ps4 players!  Happy gaming!



    Imo I think it's better than the first. In this one, the graphics are gorgeous and every facial animation is incredible; I found myself deeply immersed during the cut scenes. Also, the game play is phenomenal; and as you progress in the story they give you new powers; each very unique and different than the last; with each new power you get a whole new atomic bomb for it! They also give you the choice to switch between the different powers when ever you want! The only con about the game, imo, is the minor differences between the good/evil power sets; they are pretty much the same, but the...
      » 
Read More


   Imo I think it's better than the first.  In this one, the graphics are gorgeous and every facial animation is incredible; I found myself deeply immersed during the cut scenes.  Also, the game play is phenomenal; and as you progress in the story they give you new powers; each very unique and different than the last; with each new power you get a whole new atomic bomb for it!  They also give you the choice to switch between the different powers when ever you want!  The only con about the game, imo, is the minor differences between the good/evil power sets; they are pretty much the same, but the different powers you get makes up for it.  Overall I give this game a 9; and I recommend it to all ps4 players!  Happy gaming!
      « 

Show Less"
No multiplayer. Just single player campaign.
No
yes
If you're buying used, the limited edition will most likely be useless as any DLC codes will have been redeemed already. If there is no price difference, I would say get the limited edition for the heck of it. As far as the actual game goes though, there is no difference that I'm aware of.
Yes
yes, right
swivels up and down to out of way and is flexible boom
Unfortunately it won't work the 360. The mic for the 360 works through the controller with a small cable that plugs in the bottom. You won't be able to hear either so it won't work with the 360 at all. The 360 lacks the necessary software drivers to run the sound.
This is the super slim, or Ultraslim, whatever they call it.  The one that has the sliding disk tray door rather than a slot load optical drive.  If you zoom in on the picture you can see it in the lower left.
500
Yes it is.
The PS3 slim console, one black wireless controller with charging cable, and The Last of Us game. HDMI cable NOT included.
No.
Yes, it requires the adapter, but it comes with the headset so you don't need to buy a seperate one.
Yes you can... the adapter has buttons where you can adjust the percentage of voice/game volume. If you hit the voice button until it beeps, you will only hear voice :)
No, the audio plays on the headset and television simultaneously. I find myself turning the television volume all the way down so you can't hear it anymore and just using the headset. It sure helps when don't want to wake anyone up at night.
YES YOU CAN! Go to settings, accessories and devices, the controller you are signed into, and audio. you can adjust headset sound and VOICE MONITORING there!
You can actually use as many as you have controls. The headset plugs directly into the control so it uses the same signal.
They have a standard headphone plug (male) so they will work with phones, tablets, laptops, or anything with a standard headphone jack (female).
It just plugs into your controller. No extra batteries needed
The nice thing about this headset is that is has a standard headphone jack. You can use it with your PC no prob. Great for Skype too
It does not come with a mic monitor and you cannot hear yourself thru the mic when you speak. Sorry.
They cup over the ear but do not match the intense sound of turtle beach.  I have an inexpensive set of turtle beach (X12) and the work great with the xb one.  You do have to purchase the Xbox earphone adapter though.  Don't pay more than 25 bucks..shop around.
In the US it's 110 volts
"Yes and no.  Let me explain.  The Xbox One only comes with an HDMI out.  However, you can purchase cables/converters that will go HDMI-> component or standard A/V.  I can't recommend any b/c I don't have any personal experience with them but if you search on Amazon you'll find plenty.  But keep in mind the Xbox One is geared toward HD content and games.  If you don't use an HD TV you are not getting the full benefit of the console.  It would be like buying a sports car and never driving over 40 MPH.  If you are going to shell out the almost $500.00 for the Xbox One then you owe it to yourself to upgrade your TV too.  HD content will become the norm.  Lastly, as of now most of the games for the One are being produced for the 360, which does have standard outputs.  So if you don't have a HD TV now stick with the 360 and wait till you upgrade your TV.  Also, if you look there are very few One games out now.  Over the next few months more will be coming out but there is a very small pool of One games.  So you may be better off waiting till you upgrade your TV to buy a One anyway.  Hope this helps.



    Yes and no. Let me explain. The Xbox One only comes with an HDMI out. However, you can purchase cables/converters that will go HDMI-> component or standard A/V. I can't recommend any b/c I don't have any personal experience with them but if you search on Amazon you'll find plenty. But keep in mind the Xbox One is geared toward HD content and games. If you don't use an HD TV you are not getting the full benefit of the console. It would be like buying a sports car and never driving over 40 MPH. If you are going to shell out the almost $500.00 for the Xbox One then you owe it to yourself to...
      » 
Read More


   Yes and no.  Let me explain.  The Xbox One only comes with an HDMI out.  However, you can purchase cables/converters that will go HDMI-> component or standard A/V.  I can't recommend any b/c I don't have any personal experience with them but if you search on Amazon you'll find plenty.  But keep in mind the Xbox One is geared toward HD content and games.  If you don't use an HD TV you are not getting the full benefit of the console.  It would be like buying a sports car and never driving over 40 MPH.  If you are going to shell out the almost $500.00 for the Xbox One then you owe it to yourself to upgrade your TV too.  HD content will become the norm.  Lastly, as of now most of the games for the One are being produced for the 360, which does have standard outputs.  So if you don't have a HD TV now stick with the 360 and wait till you upgrade your TV.  Also, if you look there are very few One games out now.  Over the next few months more will be coming out but there is a very small pool of One games.  So you may be better off waiting till you upgrade your TV to buy a One anyway.  Hope this helps.
      « 

Show Less"
Not yet. Xbox is currently working on a program that would allow 360 games to play on the One, but it is easier said than done because the architecture and language are both completely different.
sadly you can't. The Titanfall bundle only comes with one Xbox One controller, but currently that's all you'll need since there aren't too many multiplayer Xbox One games available yet. I ordered a second controller on Amazon for the future but still haven't needed to open it. Hope this helps
It does!  I was actually surprised that it did.
500 GB
If you believe the NSA can spy on you through your kinect than you would be foolish not to believe the NSA cannot spy on you through your cell phone or laptop camera. In other words, if you own a smart phone I think a kinect is the least of your worries... Nice try though.
Yes
Yes. Xbox one is based on Internet use. Games are downloaded, everything is based off. You can use the xbox, but you are limiting mostly everything you could do on the xbox. So please consider getting some real internet, if you can afford to spend 500 dollars on an xbox, surely you can spend an extra $20 a month for better internet. Cheers
Depending on the WiFi network you are trying to attach to, you may or may not need a network key to attach. The console itself doesn't create a WiFi to hook up to. No extra devices are needed to use the WiFi feature other than having wireless internet at home or wherever the intended location may be. You can also use a wired connection with an Ethernet cable, sold separately I'm sure. Hope that answers your question.
I would check the back of the TV or the sides, for any HDMI slots.If it has HDMI slots, you can connect your XBOX 360 E using an HDMI cable.If your TV does not have any HDMI slots, this bundle actually includes a 'regular, non HDMI' cable.  Neither PS3s or Xbox360s come with HDMI cables included.  :)
The downloads come from the internet, but the discs are personally purchased. No Internet is needed for the discs.
Yes
Two, I'm pretty sure. It's at least that much
certain games are backwards compatible but in my opinion it doesn't work that well.
you get a traditional dvd plastic case with a code on a slip of paper inside
You don't have to buy the discs, you can download it online. You do have to pay an initial cost, but when you do, it comes with 30 days play time included. Afyerwards you just pay the sub.
Yes. It is a global code.
I don't really know, they have the physical time cards for sale in my local Walmart though. It sucks you have to wait for the card to ship before you can play. I didn't really like Elder Scrolls Online though, it feels too much like a standard MMO, and not at all like a The Elder Scrolls game...
Yes it does work with the new generation of the iPods.
The item comes with a cord for charging.  We use the USB port in the computer or you can use any USB port electric converter plug.  This device can charge your cell and iPod and an Android phone at same time!  SUCH A HANDY TOOL!  My husband has iPhone, I have Note II, we can charge both!
Yea
No
Simply answered, yes. It comes with a 3-in-1 adapter. It is quite an amazing tool.
4 by 1 1/2 inches
I was able to charge Gembonics battery with iPhone 5c.... -- Just plug your normal phone cable with the device and charge it..
The Gembonics charger comes with a 3-in-1 cable which includes micro USB port so you can just use that to charge it by using your wall adapter or Alternatively you can connect it to the computer or laptop USB port.
Mine didn't. But they're not all sold by the same seller, you have to read the description to find out which ones are shipped in their original box. I will say that the ones that come with the original packaging are usually more expensive.
Yes
Its the same thing you just use the yellow, white, and red wires for the picture.
Hi Mr Reis.  It does not come with 2 controllers unless it specifies.  Your in luck though.  I can sell you a setup like that for a very affordable price.  Would you like me to help you out with that, sir? Thanks!
Only if the seller you select advertises it as 'includes original box'.  Most are fairly specific saying 'console only 'or 'console and power, no video cable', etc.  If you want the box, check the 'collectible' section of resellers.
Been using it with Windows 7 64 bit for years, works perfectly under that OS with native support.
Not sure.  I play BF4 on Win7 Pro without any issues, however.
Mine did yes
Yes. When I had that joystick, I was using a machine running XP
It does work with Windows 8 with default Drivers, I don't think Microsoft had made new drivers available for MAC. You might have to use built in default Drivers to make it work. Also without Microsoft Driver suppose you will not have FORCEFEEDBACK feature turned on.
Yes
Hi Dennis   The one I purchased has a silver grey trigger button. And it is flawless, works great.
I was not able to get it working on Windows 7.  I had to install a virtual machine running Windows 95 in order to play.
I don't think so.  And I haven't found a patch for it yet.
Yes you can. With my setup i have the yoke, rudder pedals and two throttle quadrants and it works great!
when you move the levers below the detent at the bottom, they hit buttons, these buttons are programmable, and can be programmed to reverse your thrust.I've been using these for two years and it works great for just that.  If you fly a turbo prop, you can have one for fuel cut off, and more.
I can't confirm whether it will work with windows 8, But I can answer your question about the CH stick one. It is its own Joystick with its own USB interface. It operates as a stand-alone device thus you can use any other stand-alone Joystick along with it. Hence, yes. It will be compatible with your CH Product.
It it's the way they come.  Insert the turn screw into the mounting bracket and then press the suction cup onto the end of the turn screw.  You need to apply a fair amount of pressure and it will pop into place. It does not come attached since you can attach the throttle to the bracket in one of two places, depending on where you are mounting it.
I'm not quite sure. Try contacting Saitek or view there website to troubleshoot it to see if it may just be a driver issue or a software issue.
I recently purchased a serious computer for my flight simulator which makes use of the SAITEK add on equipment. I could not get Flight Sim X to work with windows 8 and have downgraded my machine to windows 7 and everything works perfectly. My suggestion is to stay away from windows 8 or 8.1 or whatever they launch next. Good Luck
Hi, I cant remember exactly - I seem to think its around 500mm, it has to be close the the USB port. I run all mine to a 12 port powered USB and extend that to the PC
No
Yep.  Connects fine via hubs and direct to mainboard
"yes, but under the name ""rummy squares."""
Yes, it does.
The version I have (2007/2008) has the games you ask about plus 24 more, some very good and some not so. Double crossword game is very good, plus the slide tile game is a real favorite. Well worth the money for these games.
Yes it does work.
Yes. I play Hoyle games esp. the card games.
Backgammon battling ships, bump em, checkers, Chinese checkers, chest, dominos, crazy contraptions, tile games, master match, maximum pool, maze racer, maze Raider, parchisi, panic, placer racer, raise, Reversi, rummy squares, rUnes of Avalon, solitaire arcade, star collector, sodoku, time breaker, word games, yacht, and zilch.
yes.
No
The PC/PS3 switch is on the left back, just below programmable button #6.  The PS3 button must work for PS3 since I inadvertently bumped it, early on before realizing it was there, and the PC stopped responding to the joystick.
I don't know if it works with that program, I have only used it with flight sims and it has worked with every one that I have  tried.
No.
There is a PC/PS3 Switch on the left rear of the Thrustmaster.  For a list of Backwards Programmable compatible games to PS3 from PS2 and earlier, Wikipedia is one link to check;   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_PlayStation_3_backward_compatible_PlayStation_2_and_PlayStation_games
So far I'd say it's very durable; the stick is thick and study and the unit is heavy enough so that with my right hand resting on it, (I'm leftie) it does not move; played NHL hockey, flight games, and MW4 (yes it still plays) so far and everything is great - the programmable part is cool, and it is tight and responsive and I would say very accurate. This is a keeper - it's my 2nd I have a very old one from when it first came out, and it works but is a little slower and less buttons. This is near-perfect. The only fault is it is right handed, but manageable with lefties.
Sorry I don't know. I have it configured for Raise of Flight
yes I use it with windows 8.1
yes indeed ...I have XP
Technically, no, it will work on it's own, but in such a limited manner you are best off picking up a move controller.
No you don't need a clip and it does not have a tv clip. It can sit on top of the tv or where ever you want to put it.
Yes and yes. Watch this video to see how to install on windows 7http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ujCN5euIhc
Ps3
No, connected by USB cable.
6 1/2 feet end to end.
bulk packaging
Charles, just loaded this game on my Windows 8 computer and have played around six hours with no problems whatsoever. Happy gaming!
Have you verified the requirements are supported by your cpu?
Yes - you can install on Windows 7
Yes. That is what I play it on. No problems except you have to put the Titan disc in to start game every time you play.
Yes, it has several languages, including Spanish
Multiplayer feature allows for 2-6 players to play on the same server. This uses a centralized pairing system run by Gamespy
I do not believe that internet or phone registration is required.  The registration key is included in the package.
No it doesn't come with a charger. It is only the controller.
I´ll put it back and I´ll sent to amazon. I know that Amazon will give me another one that works correctly.
I believe so.  That's what my husband did with his
There may be imposters on the market. I would look for quality markings of the logo and features (dualshock 3, sixaxis, PS  button) and the manufacturers sticker on the back, it's almost part of the controller and won't come off. Also check for weight, it has the mechanism inside for realism effects.
The wireless controllers (at least the ones I've had) don't take batteries. You plug it directly into the console to charge it. The system has to be turned on for the charge to work, but after keeping the controller plugged in for 6 hours or so (for a new controller), you can unplug it again and probably go 20 or more hours before you have to charge again. The red power light on the controller starts to blink when the battery is getting low and all you have to do is plug it in again for a while.
No, it did not come with blue tooth dongle.
Yes the black one is the orIginal ps3 controller. And no the black one I'd really good. I see no issues with it
It plays wirelessly through your Playstation console
The one I received is definitely a fake. Sold by Purchases Direct through Amazon. Playing any type of shooter game is near impossible to get right as the joysticks sensitivity is so far off. There is no fine movement with sticks. The controller I got looks just like the real thing at a glance. Once I put it in my hand and tried playing a game I instantly new something was wrong. Look up real vs fake dualshock 3 and you will find a lot of videos and pictures showing what to look for.
I dont have a Wii U so I have no idea sorry
It's about 8 feet
Yes
No.
Yes it does, the only thing you'd need is the Controller Adapter for the Wii U for it to work.
Yes
It works on US wiis and gamecubes yes. They're not region locked.
Glossy like original. I've got all three plugged in to my Wii U, and just compared them. It is pretty hard to tell the difference, but finish on this controller looks/feels most like the original game cube controller.
Yes, we have the Wii u. I think you can use Wii games on the Wii U but not the other way around.
yes
I've only just used the rechargable remotes that came with my Wii package. I did have to buy a new CD as we wore out our original game CD
Wii U's can play Wii games. just press tv only, you need a sensor bar to do that by the way.sorry this answer is 7 months late
Yes. Works we'll.
yes
Yes -  that's what I bought it for.
YES
You could call Game Stop and ask.
"The Controls that come with the game console (Wii Remote Plus Controller.   At the bottom of the controller the words: ""Wii Motion Plus INSIDE."""
You cannot simply put a PS3 or PS2 game in your PS4 and play it. The systems are fundamentally not compatible with each other. Read more at http://www.trustedreviews.com/opinions/ps4-backwards-compatibility-can-you-play-ps3-games-on-ps4#zEYKeyDsJPIXz1Hc.99
No
No it does not. I have never used an online pass for it and it plays just fine.
The point of the boxed copy is to save having to download the files from steam, other than that the online install of the boxed copy appears to be indentical to the Steam download version.  I bought the boxed copy for my brother as he has a monthly bandwidth quota and a 4GB download would bite a chunk out of that.  Myself I downloaded the whole thing from steam which took about 2 hours with a 6Mbit connection.  We both play online on the same servers and both have to sign in to Steam to play online.
Yes, it works perfectly on Windows 7...even x64.
I can confirm that this item is the full & complete version .. Great deal for $20!
Yes it does you pleb.
Yes ot dose work with windows 7 .. Just small recommendation also try company of heroes 2 amazing game
The game auto downloads to the stam interface, there are probably other buying options that aren't connected to steam though.
yes, it's a disc & it requires Steam.
Yes, I've played it on my previous laptop which is a Windows 7.
Yes.  It sounds ludicrous but even if you do buy the disk you still have to download the game.  That is because the game is activated by their internet verification program named STEAM.  It's a big game and it took me five hours to download.  And after downloading it I found out that it would not work because STEAM was not working correctly.  By the way it seems to me that STEAM is actually a marketing company masquerading as a verification company.
I dont know, it required steam to even boot up.
I wouldn't see why not. It was made when xp was still serviced by Microsoft. I'd should work find.
Yeah it's a really good simulator and pretty realistic. I bought a pretty decent joystick for it too to enhance the experience. You can get one for about $20. I like using all the different plane options, and it'll also teach you patience because dinner flights last pretty long. Overall I like it a lot. You may want to take other opinions though because I don't really know much about flying or how nice other simulators are.
Trike Bike, Piper Cub, Cessna, Float Planes, Twin Engine Aircraft, about seven different Jets,737,747,Airbus,Helicopters, and more than one plane in each category, it would take time to name all the planes, and there are flights to and from almost every continent in the world, it would take a long time to accomplish every thing that this simulator teaches you to do and all the cockpits and gauges are realistic to the lane you are flying. For the money the best piece of software that I bought.
I haven't purchased GSX or used it, but you'll have to buy it separately if you don't have it already.  You should really refer to the GSX support for that, and also you can ask on the www.flightsim.com forums.  Really good help there.  You probably need to download the FSUIPC module and put it in your Flight Simulator X\Modules folder.  FSUIPC is required for 99% of your addons, the module is free for basic use.  FSUIPC:  http://www.schiratti.com/dowson.html
No you can use the key board and mouse but a joystick makes it a lot easier.  If you using windows I have all kinds of problems. iT SHUTS OFF  in the middle of flights.  If I knew when I purchased it I would not have wasted my money.
yes. Last upgrade by Microsoft special group was 2009.
I have Window 8 and have no problem installing the game.
So far I've no problems it playing any original xbox games
"Find a Game Exchange i.e. ""Game X-Change,"" They specialize in restoring retro systems and selling retro parts/games/consoles.  I'm sure you could even log on to a game x-change website and find what ya need man, believe me there's a huge market out there for retro systems and retro game play."
110 thanks for your question Mj
Yeah you can you can buy some on amazon and other places lukie is also a good place for old games  thats were i get all my old games
It still works but there is no longer support for online gaming.
If you have the proper power adapter or correct cable in respect to your region or country, it should work!
No it did not come with controllers, just the console.
Nope
Yes! I used a gamecube controller, but there is a classic controller for the wii. You can also use the wiimote only, but I think that would be really hard xD. This remake is absolutely amazing. Definitely try it out! The GC controller is what I recommend.
If you have the controller for the wii you can play this game without the nunchuck
Not in the traditional sense, this has no elements found in many RPGs. Other than playing the role of the (player choice) character selected from the very beginning, you play out the respective role of that S.T.A.R.S. (Special Tactics And Rescue Service) team member with no customization abilities.. No experience feature, no gear upgrades or crafting, no turn-based battle. This is about as far from those types of RPGs as you can get, and not considered to be one at all. It spawned a whole genre (Survival/Horror) following this game's debut.
Yes because the Wii u console and controller are backwards compatible with Wii games.
Should be able to since Wii U is backwards compatible but I am not positive on that since I don't have a Wii U.
Yes. WiiU has backward compatibility so that you can play your old Wii games. Just have your remote, speakers up, and let the scary fun times begin lol
No. Unfortunately, not. Wii games can only be played on the Wii U with the Wii Remote and Nunchuck controllers. Some of them can also be played with the Wii Classic Controller, but it depends on the game (Check the back cover). I too, have a Wii U and wish I could use my Wii U Pro Controller for playing Wii games...
No, this version does not require steam. The entire reason I bought this game was because it does not have steam at all.
I also love Civ IV.  You have to go into the files and download it to your desktop.  I believe you want the run ex file.  That should do the trick, if not just email me and I will help you after work.  topgram11@gmail.com
I am running Widows 7, and purchased Civ 4 The Complete Edition.  Other than an error message that comes up when the program first boots, which states something about a sound program on my machine being incorrect, the game runs perfectly.  Also, I don't know what sound I'm supposed to get but it seems like all of the sound effects I might expect within the game are fine.  I would advise to make sure your video card is of the correct capacity and that your computer has enough RAM.  My computer is almost 7 years old so if yours is newer than that you should have no problem.
I have Windows 7 so I can't say for sure; but my guess is that it would work well on 8.1 64 bit edition.
No. The only way you can play this game without the disc is by purchasing a digital copy.
I believe the game checks for the disk.  No drive, no disk
Yes
It was not included in my copy of the game. I should think that if you had to old poster that it would cover the present game.
I used a cable splitter. One connection for the cable to go to the TV and another for the adapter.
Yes it does. it works better the orignal adapter.
It works well on mine. I have also used it on the old Atari and it has worked well.
Yes i use in my atari and intellevicion
I believe so
As far as newer tv's, yes.  The picture quality on flat screen tvs looks clear, but more standard definition
Yes it does
Yes the 3ds XL plays supermario 3d land :)
Yes it does.
Yes
A 19 year old will enjoy this game the amount of hours I really have no clue lotsof factors I was busy with college while playing this it took me a week to complete it its pretty fun if you enjoy other mario games a scale from 1-10 its 8 it makes you think a lot on how to pass certain stages and getting the ever so mighty three gold coins  overall you will enjoy this game
If the question is: Is this is english version? Yes it is!
3ds is region locked. Meaning you have the buy the game that has a matching region with your 3ds
No
No. It works in the 3ds and the 2ds
I am.
I'm American but as long as you can log into XBOX Live it should reach the regional servers in your area if not log onto XBOX Live and ask for a solution.
Yes it is
Of course! 1-2 local. 1-4 online. Many game modes and many achievements.  Tons of fun!
Yes
I never got one that I am a sure, I only bought it for horde and campaign mode.
Multi-player online, but 2 players can play story line co-op.
I have no idea why you would refer to Final Fantasy as a game that does not work any more. I am playing it NOW so please clarify.
No this game no longer works it is a scam. Many people have tried having this ad removed but they just keep sending copies. This game is a mmorpg with no online servers. You won't be able to play it.
Wow if you purchase this you might not get your money back. This title moved to ffxiv arr, look for final fantasy xiv a realm reborn. Purchase that one.
Yes
I'm not sure if it work with OS X Lion but I can test it out for you.  I know for sure it works for OS X Snow Leopard because that is what I'm using it with.  I have OS X Lion on my iMac but never tried playing it on it.  I can give it a go a little later on today and get back to you. I will edit this answer once I give it a try.
Yes! It works perfectly!!! And the cord is a good length. I need to get a second one so I can play head to head with people
I don't know I use it on windows 7 and snes9x is the emulator I use it works perfectly on that
Nope, but works perfect in the 4 directional configuration. No complains about it.
This controller is pretty much a plug n play controller, depending on what you want it for.. If you're gonna use it for a SNES or NES emulator, it will work perfectly as it's just to plug in, set controls and you're done, just like a regular gamepad. I use Windows 7 myself, but as it's plug n play, it will most probably work for Windows 8 OS too.
No.  It doesn't work at all.  Doesn't ship with a driver, windows 7 and 8 cannot find a driver,  and i couldn't find one on google that would work.  It's nothing but a paperweight.
If there is a button setup in the game, then maybe. I use it with an emulator. So not sure.
Yes
It contains all three versions. The original, warchiefs and asian dynasties. The same if you bought all three seperately. Nothing added and nothing removed when combining the three. There is a campain story that flows through all three but Asian Dynasties is the best with the more options and the acrive online multiplayer scene. There you can play with friends or on your own against computers, against other people or custom maps such as free for all.
I already had one from my cd pack was just missing a couple CDs
yes i am positive i bought it. u have 0 worries.
It does work on windows 8. No issues
Label on mine says it was made in Europe. Below that it indicates the UK.
Your question is a little incomplete, actual creation of the game? Or the missions within the game?
absolutely - you don't need an Internet connection
yes, I bought four, and one doesn't work. :(
Yes, but buyer beware, the left joy sick rubber WILL come off after useing for a while. I play ssbb and they only lasted a month.
yes
I received two controllers. They were in two separate packages as seen on the picture.
If you have a Wii U, then the console doesn't have slots for gamecube controllers. However, Nintendo recently came out with an adaptor that you could pick up at your local gamestop or toys'r'us. If you have a regular Wii, then the slots are on the top of the console behind a flap.
this is the 3rd party made controller for gamecube games.
Yeah
You can't control the Wii menu with a GameCube controller, it has to be a Wii remote
Yes, not bad for moderate use.
Yes I used it for my older turtle beach headset. And used the hdmi for picture and sound on my tv.
this works only for an xbox 360 that has a HDMI port for graphics, and an open slot for audio into which you need to plug in headphones, but is only that trapezoidal shape so you can't sync your headphones up without this adapter. There were some transitional models with this issue. If you don't have a trapezoidal hole in the back of your xbox, OR you aren't needing miked headphones, then you don't need this.
It is specific to only the 360. It works great, I am using it right now.
This goes to an Xbox 360 Slim. If look on this page (http://hdfanatic.com/2010/07/08/xbox-360-250gb/) there is a picture of the back of the Slim. The fat end goes in the A/V Port. I hope this helps.
Yes
Im not sure about the turtle beaches, it worked for my after glow. I think it should work on the beaches too.
If you have one of the original white WII unit, this is the correct DVD player for you. You will need the special hex like tool. It is not a Phillips head.
Yes, it will play gamecube games. It will play anything the original drive would.
No, the kids have told me everything was still the same.
This is the complete drive. You simply swap the old one out with this one. All drive components are included.
The drive will act exactly as the previous one did no new capabilities that I know of.   This is to replace a burned out drive in a nintendo Wii.
I cannot say for sure whether it will our not, but I will tell you that the drive I got only worked for about a month before it went out.
I can confirm it works with both Windows 8 and 8.1.
I use it with the newest version, OS X 10.9.2, and it works great. Plug and play right out of the box.
I use it with Jnes, but I think it would work with many.
Absolutely, I do this all the time.  You just have to set up player 1 and 2 for each side...button wise.  Sometimes changing the usb ports jacks up the settings but most of the time, they just work.
It registers in Windows as a USB Gamepad - so it can be used for any PC game... you may just need to open the game's options and create custom mappings for the game controls to whatever gamepad input you want.
"You have to allocate the buttons on the controller with Nestopia. This is what you do: Options --> input. Select ""Pad 1"" and allocate the movements. Push ""down"" for down, ""select"" for select etc. Hope this works."
You will have to remap the settings in the Emulator as it reads it as joystick buttons.
GBA has L/R shoulder buttons.  So an SNES controller would be better.
NES: NINTENDO ENTERTAINMENT SYSTEM which was a 8 bit system, and came out in 1985 in North America.  Here is a small list of games from that system: The Legend of Zelda, The Legend of Zelda II: Links Adventure, Mega Man, Super Mario Bros., Super Mario Bros. 2, Super Mario Bros. 3, Blades of Steel, Dr. Mario, Tetris, Bubble Bobble, Double Dragon, Battle Toads, Duck Tales, Excitebike, Final Fantasy, Galaga, Gauntlet, Golf, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Ninja Gaiden, Little Nimo: The Dream Master, RBI Baseball and may more.  These are a few that I played with my friends as a kid.
"No, the sound card only shows up as a Microphone In (under recording) and as ""Speakers"" (under Playback). Sorry, this doesn't sound like the the sound card you're looking for it seems."
If you have a recent Mac, you will find that in System Preferences < Sound, that the headphone jack (output) is interchangeable between output and input (at least it is on my 2010 13' model). So if you strictly need a mic input, your Macbook Pro can do the job. However, if you want to have audio that is not from your computer's internal speakers, you will need this sound card, or one like it.
I use mine on a Dell Windows 32 bit machine running Windows 7
No  it wont work, you would need something like this.  PC Computer Headset to 3.5mm Smartphone Adapter - 01-PH35-PC35
Yes, the usb plug provides both audio input and output functions
Yes it does, I use it on my PS4 and my PC
Yes, it works very well with my max
"Yes! In fact, I had the same problem! When I contacted Uplay help, I had to go through this lengthy process to find the root of my problem. It was awhile ago, but let me see if this helps.Step 1: Uninstall Uplay, and re-download the newest from the Uplay website. This is the most up to date version. It helps to have this.Step 2: Create a Uplay account if you haven't already.Step 3: You will have to hunt for it, as I don't remember the exact location, but your Uplay account should have a ""MY GAMES"" tab you can open. Here, you can find Silent Hunter 5, enter your CD key provided by amazon, and try running the game again.If this doesn't help, call the help center from the number on the website. The Ubisoft team can help you a lot faster via phone than by helpdesk email.Hope this helps. See you on the seas!



    Yes! In fact, I had the same problem! When I contacted Uplay help, I had to go through this lengthy process to find the root of my problem. It was awhile ago, but let me see if this helps.Step 1: Uninstall Uplay, and re-download the newest from the Uplay website. This is the most up to date version. It helps to have this.Step 2: Create a Uplay account if you haven't already.Step 3: You will have to hunt for it, as I don't remember the exact location, but your Uplay account should have a ""MY GAMES"" tab you can open. Here, you can find Silent Hunter 5, enter your...
      » 
Read More


   Yes! In fact, I had the same problem! When I contacted Uplay help, I had to go through this lengthy process to find the root of my problem. It was awhile ago, but let me see if this helps.Step 1: Uninstall Uplay, and re-download the newest from the Uplay website. This is the most up to date version. It helps to have this.Step 2: Create a Uplay account if you haven't already.Step 3: You will have to hunt for it, as I don't remember the exact location, but your Uplay account should have a ""MY GAMES"" tab you can open. Here, you can find Silent Hunter 5, enter your CD key provided by amazon, and try running the game again.If this doesn't help, call the help center from the number on the website. The Ubisoft team can help you a lot faster via phone than by helpdesk email.Hope this helps. See you on the seas!
      « 

Show Less"
It depends upon your specific system resources. SH5 requires a powerful CPU and GPU. The recommended system requrements are closer to what the minimum requirements really are. The community at the Subsim forums has plenty of threads addressing the nuances of SH5 as well as mods to address what Ubisoft would not let the developers finish before release.
You would but I have Windows 7 home premium and it would not function on my system
Yes. It ran fine for me on my windows 8 laptop.
No, they run on diesel surfaced, electric submerged
Yes, included is a card telling you to download the Cerberus Pack for ME2 as well as the ME3 Extended Cut & Multiplayer free from the PS Store.  But, there is further DLC for ME2 and ME3 that if you want, you'll need to purchase.
You are going to get the same vibe with mass effect as you did dragon age story wise and rpg wise. But the combat is much better in mass effect than dragon age. Mass effect 1s combat is kinda clunky. But they improve significantly in the second and third game.
It is a hard copy. Nothing special. Just the three disk and 2 papers, propaganda. The manuals are digital inside the disks.
Hey EmanueleThe games all come together in one foldable holder, however it is not a steelbox. Hope this helps.
Correct. And they are all incredible.
I believe it is included and if you are wondering if the multiplayer is still worthwhile in 2014 I don't know because I don't play it. The single player campaign is worth it though. The Mass Effect series is great!
5.3G minimum (for PlayStation 3)..but to be safe I would keep more than that free because it doesn't specify if that's for one game of the entire trilogy.
Mass Effect 1 - none, Mass effect 2- Arrival, Mass effect 3- From the ashes, Leviathan, Omega, and Citadel.
The mass effect trilogy is mostly a single player experience although mass effect 3 does have a multiplayer survival that is up to 4 players.
PlayStation 3, Bring Down the Sky will be included both on disc and on the PSN download, Mass Effect 2 will still have the same DLC on-disc that it was originally shipped with: Cerberus Network; Genesis; Kasumi; Overlord; and Lair of the Shadow Broker. Finally, Mass Effect 3 will also be exactly as it originally shipped.
Perfectly. Actually is made for win7.
Yes, it installs and runs on XP, Vista and Windows 7, and is a really fun game, but it does have a few annoying glitches that you'll get used to and forget about. A great game for the price.
I have had this game for quite awhile and never got a virus. Hope this helps
Yes it has worked just fine on my computers in Windows 7.
yes, it works with Win 8.1
Battery life after a year of usage and taking good care is about 5 hours continuous. I can get 30 feet+ away (line of sight), but never needed to go outside the house with it. Concrete walls will block the signal like any wireless device. Mine only charges when plugged into a device that is turned on. I'd like to have 2. So one is charging while the other is in use wirelessly.
Works property well if you configure it as the way 2 be Usually all Gioteck EX02s Bluetooth Headset for Playstation woks fineGo to setting and configurate Bluetooth  advice  your psp4 find it and follow all the instruction  do not skip steps if you want good quality sound and reception
no idea
There's a pattern with peripherals with a lot of custom options that don't seem to work with the eagle eye. To my knowledge and experience, buttons that are added other than standard buttons from a company to both mouse and keyboard won't be accessible by the eagle eye's software. For example your razer deathadder chroma's side buttons, will not be compatible with the eagle eye, same for the keyboard; but the keyboard and mouse should work fine, but remember, only the standard buttons of a mouse and keyboard will work. Hope this helps. Best to luck!
Yes
I don't know as I've never heard of Keymander until now. Only thing I can suggest is to find reviews on both. I will say the Eagle Eye works well and is configurable for all the PS3 buttons and sensitivity, so it gets a thumbs up from me. ;) Hope that helps.
don't waste your money on this. it is a piece of junk. i could not get it to work.
Sorry, no idea !
Yes, I use it with 220V and work very well!!
It plugs into the wall outlet.
1, 2 or have all 4 hooked up at the same time. It's stated in the description.
No, it only allows one of each.  However, there is an extra usb connection that allows a cable to be used for charging another motion controller
Every Wii (apart from the mini) has the ability to use hulu & youtube & netflix with built in wifi
"Sorry, I don't know what a ""game cube controller"" is."
Absolutely,the red Wii is backwards compatible. I did have to buy a Gamecube controller and memory card. Not all Wii's are able to play Gamecube games but this model does.
"9-1/4"" x 6-1/4"" x 2"""
It is an accessory. It is a camera that attaches to the top of the actual PSP player. I personally did not like this product. I received a defective one. The latest model of the PSP is the 3001 slim type the into your search bar.
yes
No, this will not work with the Vita. This camera uses mini-usb which is  not a port that the Playstation Vita supports. With this in mind the PSVita already has a rear and front facing camera making this device not necessary. This camera will really only be used for the PSP-1000 through 3000 models.
The PSvita already has a camera installed.
This camera and the built-in cameras on the Vita are all 640x480. Looking at pictures from both, they're about the same in terms of overall image quality.  Not terribly good.  (That said, there is a higher-quality camera available for the PSP if you want to import - the 1.3 megapixel Chotto Shot which was never released in North America.)
I cannot tell you. This is a gift that I bought for a young man who lives in Haiti and is not fluent in English. He could not possible help you either.
A standard headset will connect.
No. it only comes with a USB cable. Hook up to USB to charge.
Yea
I dont know
No   it does not   just USB  cable that plugs into the system
I play Star Craft: Heart of the Swarm with this mouse, and it is amazing. Very precise. I would highly recommend the Death Adder 2013.
You have to get the a deathadder. If you have the money get the chroma edition.
The original deathadder (blue glowing scroll wheel) but the black editions is just about the same thing (just with no glowing).The old versions use actual drivers. the new 2013 version requires the use of the synapse 2.0 program.You need to create an account and it attempts to connect to the internet. you can disable the auto-connect to internet feature.
2014 Update, it does NOT come with a USB receiver. It just arrived and I am furious that I have to purchase a separate adapter now. UPDATE THE DESCRIPTION PLEASE.
The one sold by Amazon does. The one sold by GPStock does not.  Read my review it explains everything in detail.
It does not come standard with a rechargeable battery.  You need either 2xAA batteries (which can be rechargeables if you want-I use eneloops myself) or the Microsoft rechargeable battery pack and the play/charge cable.
I have tried and tested this controller with my Xbox and it works fine. I am able to turn the console ON using this controllers. May be you should  call tech support.
I have not personally tested it out on Windows 8 since I do not have a machine with it, but from what I read it should work fine. I know it works on Windows 7 x64 and Linux Mint 13 x64.
I do not own anything by Apple. I can tell you to read the description for answer, or ask Google.
I haven't tried it, but it is an XBox 360 controller. The directions say it is compatible with both XBox 360 and Windows. The only difference from this controller and a general XBox 360 controller is this one comes packaged with a Bluetooth receiver that plugs into your PC via a USB cable.  You then just have to download the correct drivers for the controller.
No, You dont need xbox360 itself. All you need is drivers which comes along with it just install  it and you are good to go with most of the PC gaming !! the name itself might be cofusing as controller shape and style is same as native xbox360 controller but it has nothing to do with xbox360 box, yes you can use it on your xbox360 i guess !!! but if wish to use it for PC games, just installed the drivers and wireless USB, put some batteries and you are good to go!!
It should since it acts as a native DirectInput device. I know it works in PCSX2.
Yes, it includes the receiver also.
"Yes it does. Just load up the virtual Wii menu, and it will show up in the ""Launch Disc Software"" area."
No, it did not come with the adaptor.
It looks like it takes the same games.. It should be able to.. My niece has a wii u and my wii resorts game works just fine :)
The wii motion plus has the adapter.  If you have newer or 3rd party controllers that already have it,  then you don't need the +. If you don't, then get some after market controllers that do,  since the + adapter sticks out of the controller.
Yes. One motion plus for each controller.
I've bought many used games...these were Christmas presents so I bought new.  Never bought a bad used game.
sorry don't know. Don'y have a WII U
You can return it for a full refund.
Yes sports resort has the hard case. Wii sports has a cardboard sleeve.
No
I use it for only Netflix and it works for that.
No, it doesn't work with the PS4. This is the entry from the list of compatible accessories (link provided):PlayStation Media / Blu-ray Disc Remote Control - PS4 supports CEC (HDMI Direct Link) and can use your TV's Remote.http://community.us.playstation.com/t5/PlayStation-Peripherals-Support/List-of-Compatible-PS3-Accessories-for-PS4-Updated-2-7-2014/td-p/40831841
Mine always blinks 3 times the first time I turn it on. ..have you synced it to YOUR PS3 yet ?
It should work with all apps on the PS3. If you are trying to use the app on a machine other than the PS3, than this controller will not work for it.
Unfortunately it does not.
Don't think that it will. According to the manual, it's only able to operate the PS3, supported TVs and Sony-only AV amps.
Yes I find Borderlands 2 enjoyable single & multi-player.
If you want to follow along the story lines and understand who the characters are in boardlands 2 then I would say yes.  If you would like to just jump both feet into a game and start blazing away then no.   If I had never played the first borderlands before playing the second it would be just as enjoyable.
They all have their strengths, it really comes down to how you want to play and who you think looks the coolest. Do you want to start as the quick elemental sorceress, the robot assassin, the jacked and crazy bezerker, or the more standard, but very adaptable soldier? And, each one allows a good amount of playstyle customization as you go. That's not even bringing up the downloadable mechromancer and psycho... Or you can just start one of each and try them all out!
I'm not quite sure, since i haven't purchased any if its DLCs, but gamerfaq.com might be of assistance. Hope it helps!
Well I never had a PS3 before but from my experience with friends and other people the Xbox is better. While the ps4  is good, the Xbox is better then the PS3. I am not 100% sure on what makes the PS3 better or worse then Xbox, but if you Are asking my opinion, buy the Xbox.
If you want the updates then you have to hook it in. But there really isn't updates at this point. There is one update as soon as you play to play online, I am pretty sure you need to be online. But playing online is5 really that different then offline, the only difference is obviously more players, but the enemies get stronger.
The max for local is 2 per Xbox
Plenty of violence -- blood, gunshot wounds, heads being blown off, hatchets, etc.  Some sexual innuendo, but nothing too blatant (at least so far -- I haven't completed the game).
Not this version. There may be a spanish version available though.
Sorry Don't know I bought it for my Son
X box is a Microsoft program base  the controllers are soposed to work on Microsoft games...However I could not find a driver that would allow the controller to work full time on everything.....but hey I don't know everything
I used it for XBOX 360, but I don't see why it couldn't work with a PC as its USB input.
oh definitely.  Its just like playing other MMOs.  You don't need a crew to help out. Most or the objectives have people around doing the same missions.  There are some dungeon (kind of) modes, but you are able to solo most of them or just skip them. they are not even necessary for story play.
Yes it does. It is a online only game.
Pretty often like once an hour or so. And they vary. Sometimes its an elimination or its a search and rescue. You never know.
You need gold.It's only made for online
You are more often fighting alongside other players in a competitive nature. But you only encounter PvP if you specifically choose to join a PvP event
NO A gold membership is the same as being an Xbox live member. If you play the PC version it is free period and you can just download Defiance but if you want this versions for Xbox 360 you will need a current membership. But to answer your main question Xbox live is Xbox Gold they are one and the same you pay $9.99 per month and that is it not twice and not for any separate service.
If I'm remembering right, it's because the game is being updated from a server not related to Microsoft, and that server has (at least had) very limited bandwidth; also be prepared for the actual gameplay to be as slow and stuttering as the download.
This game is easy to play. It takes 'Forever' to download though. But, once it's downloaded - Let The Games Begin!!! It seems like everybody's playing it! Including me!
Difficult.  The reason being is because in order to get artwork on properly, you would want to remove the buttons.  In order to do so though, you would need to desolder the buttons because this stick does not have quick disconnects.Best option would be to look into possibly getting a laminated label that it sticky at the bottom but those usually aren't great
It is not wireless but the stick has a nice feel and clicks in a most satisfying way. I use it for fighting games but see no reason why it would not work well for mz pacman or any other classic game.
It does work with Windows 8 very well with no problems.
The intensity has four different settings: off, dim, medium, and bright. However, the color cannot be adjusted.
Yes.  It attaches with screws, but it is shipped detached.
Bought this as a gift so I don't really know if you can or cannot. Sorry
I don't know, but I don't see why not.  I think all you need is the belt and the sensor.
The wheel is very solid.  When you feel it you know it will last for a really long time.  I use mine all the time and have had no issues at all with anything breaking or even showing signs of wear.  It is a well built piece.
It uses an accelerometer, but I've seen setups where people attached it to the column of other steering wheels. The accelerometer is alright, in my opinion. It's not a high end wheel since no feedback, but it's nicer to use than a gamepad, or worse, mouse and keyboard. As for games, I tried it out with F1 2013, F1 2014, TDU2, Race 07, GTR Evolution, and DiRT 3, and they all worked fine after setting the controls to what I wanted.
no it won't. I'm sorry
It works with accelerometers, so you don't need to attach it to anything at all, unless you want to.
not all games this control is more used for simulator race games as iraceing and simraceway.
Yes it will I use it for that game regularly.
Not easily. You can fabricate a mod to the G27 (youtube for specific directions). There is a mounting screw in the back of the SRW-S1 if you want to build your own mount for it.
I actually have a Mac, but it works as a standard device (it's kind of crappy actually on it), I don't own F1 2013 on MAC (i do on Windows). But I would recommend you to launch BootCam and run this wheel on Windows natively, if you can.
Yes, I have used with iRacing, Assetto Corsa, Need for Speed Shift 2, and Game Stockcar 2013.  It works well but without FFB (force feedback).  By comparison, in iRacing, I tend to be about 1-2 seconds slower per lap than I am with my Fanatec ClubSport Wheel and Pedals.  However, I am certain that I could close that gap to less than 1 second with more practice.
Yes, but I'd recommend an XL model with its 90% larger screens and better build quality.  (EDIT: The XL is also backwards compatible...realized that might not be clear from my post!)
You can but there are some aspect like blowing into the microphone slot thing from the first DS that doesn't seem to work anymore, or for me to get around it, I'll have to dig around in some forums. But I dug out my old Sims 2 game and it worked until I got to that glitch.
No
The 3DS is region locked.
Yes this is a US version of the 3DS
no idea
Most US based companies that produce electronics work out of China   but the product seems to work fine
No
No , you have to buy the games.
Yes, it comes with the headphones, transmitter, & the cables. It should have everything you need! If you are getting them for games like Call of Duty you will love them! It's like hearing online for the first time!
Louise, you would also have to purchase an Xbox One Stereo Headset Adapter sold by Microsoft. And then you would use the Xbox 360 talkback cable that comes with the X42 and run that cable from the headset to the adapter, which connects to the controller, for chat. So yes you can use it, but you are tethereed to the controller and you need to purchase an adapter. The only 100 percent wireless headset on the market for the Xbox One is the Stealth 500X.
wireless as in dont need a 12ft cord going across your room? then yes its wireless... but a 2ft cord from headset to controller? no
"This is a juicy question. All headset surround sound is 'virtual' -- digital signal processing is used to give you a surround sound experience. I won't get into the math. That said, it is extremely effective, more so than having a typical home theater set-up with multiple speakers. Because your left ear only hears the left channel, and the right ear only hears the right channel, a headset can deliver a really immersive and accurate surround sound signal. There are people who will argue all day long that you need to have multiple speakers in a headset for 'true' surround sound, but actually sticking a bunch of speakers in a small space like that is more likely to create audio chaos than quality surround sound. Trust me on this, I work at a headset company. I wear them when I play and the quality of the surround is amazing. You can also read reviews of our headsets ... the writers all say the same.



    This is a juicy question. All headset surround sound is 'virtual' -- digital signal processing is used to give you a surround sound experience. I won't get into the math. That said, it is extremely effective, more so than having a typical home theater set-up with multiple speakers. Because your left ear only hears the left channel, and the right ear only hears the right channel, a headset can deliver a really immersive and accurate surround sound signal. There are people who will argue all day long that you need to have multiple speakers in a headset for 'true' surround sound, but actually...
      » 
Read More


   This is a juicy question. All headset surround sound is 'virtual' -- digital signal processing is used to give you a surround sound experience. I won't get into the math. That said, it is extremely effective, more so than having a typical home theater set-up with multiple speakers. Because your left ear only hears the left channel, and the right ear only hears the right channel, a headset can deliver a really immersive and accurate surround sound signal. There are people who will argue all day long that you need to have multiple speakers in a headset for 'true' surround sound, but actually sticking a bunch of speakers in a small space like that is more likely to create audio chaos than quality surround sound. Trust me on this, I work at a headset company. I wear them when I play and the quality of the surround is amazing. You can also read reviews of our headsets ... the writers all say the same.
      « 

Show Less"
"It needs batteries which is kind of dumb because in order to use it for chat, it must be hard wired into a Xbox 360 or other controller. It also must be hard wired for PC use. To me it is a useless headset and not truly wireless except for audio only. Better to find one that doesn't use battery power. I bought mine to use on my PC but found it doesn't have the capacity to utilize the USB for a mic input as well as audio like most other headsets. Looks pretty but to me a piece of junk that Turtle Beach really messed up on, but then again I am a little bitter because Woot will not take them back.



    It needs batteries which is kind of dumb because in order to use it for chat, it must be hard wired into a Xbox 360 or other controller. It also must be hard wired for PC use. To me it is a useless headset and not truly wireless except for audio only. Better to find one that doesn't use battery power. I bought mine to use on my PC but found it doesn't have the capacity to utilize the USB for a mic input as well as audio like most other headsets. Looks pretty but to me a piece of junk that Turtle Beach really messed up on, but then again I am a little bitter because Woot will not take them...
      » 
Read More


   It needs batteries which is kind of dumb because in order to use it for chat, it must be hard wired into a Xbox 360 or other controller. It also must be hard wired for PC use. To me it is a useless headset and not truly wireless except for audio only. Better to find one that doesn't use battery power. I bought mine to use on my PC but found it doesn't have the capacity to utilize the USB for a mic input as well as audio like most other headsets. Looks pretty but to me a piece of junk that Turtle Beach really messed up on, but then again I am a little bitter because Woot will not take them back.
      « 

Show Less"
No
Turtle beach made an adapter to fit the Xbox One's controller.  The headset will work with PC with sound, but no voice support.
"You can route the audio through your TV ""if"" your TV has an optical output. You would want to check and make sure."
"Friends, I bought this disk.   It took me longer to figure out WHERE it when, then to install it.   this was my second xbox 360 experience in like 5 years. my other uses have been 4 or 5 years ago.   It seems like this system the slim, adds an extra step to the save and load process.  to ask you WHERE you want to get the data, your 4 mg internal memory, your NEWly installed hard drive, or the cloud.   I think that step interfers with the OLD xbox functionality, so they do not work.   They mean the old xbox, NOT the xbox 360.   so your 360 games should all work fine, I have tried like 12+ games, and they all worked.   But I never tried a xbox game.   I am happy with this disk, except for the extra step the slim added.   Thank you.   Dr. Darrell of michigan.



    Friends, I bought this disk. It took me longer to figure out WHERE it when, then to install it. this was my second xbox 360 experience in like 5 years. my other uses have been 4 or 5 years ago. It seems like this system the slim, adds an extra step to the save and load process. to ask you WHERE you want to get the data, your 4 mg internal memory, your NEWly installed hard drive, or the cloud. I think that step interfers with the OLD xbox functionality, so they do not work. They mean the old xbox, NOT the xbox 360. so your 360 games should all work fine, I have tried like 12+ games, and they...
      » 
Read More


   Friends, I bought this disk.   It took me longer to figure out WHERE it when, then to install it.   this was my second xbox 360 experience in like 5 years. my other uses have been 4 or 5 years ago.   It seems like this system the slim, adds an extra step to the save and load process.  to ask you WHERE you want to get the data, your 4 mg internal memory, your NEWly installed hard drive, or the cloud.   I think that step interfers with the OLD xbox functionality, so they do not work.   They mean the old xbox, NOT the xbox 360.   so your 360 games should all work fine, I have tried like 12+ games, and they all worked.   But I never tried a xbox game.   I am happy with this disk, except for the extra step the slim added.   Thank you.   Dr. Darrell of michigan.
      « 

Show Less"
no titanfall is an xbox one game therefore a 360 hardrive will not work for you
Yes you can play destiny
I can't say, but I CAN say that this drive didn't work and upon asking to return it the company didn't even want it back. Buy a Microsoft drive. They cost more, but they'll work.
"From what I understand, all ""Slim"" labeled hard drives work just as well on the E systems, since they didn't change anything about hard drives in between the two."
1year
hasn't happened to my son.......do you leave the xbox on for long periods?  When our computer monitor had heat issues, we bought a small fan that runs whenever the monitor is on and that fixed the overheating problem......
Some games are reverse compatible with a hard drive. Not all original Xbox games are. If the hdd works then yes you should be able to but I would buy it at a game stop location to be on the safe side that way if it does not you can still return it fairly easily.
Yea this controller is definitely a third party controller. To be honest I bought this because it was cheap but for some reason I kept getting shocked by the controller. Eventually it was unbearable and persistent to the point where I sent it back and just bought a microsoft controller. No complaints since then.
I did not use the controller I just returned it, it was not the controller pictured or the controller I ordered! I would not buy from this seller!
It works perfectly on windows 8 :). And how it performs? It works for what it is, if agame supports an xbox 360 controller it will work. There might even be some mods or workaround a for games that don't support 360. As for the controller itself, hardware, it's great! Everything feels like it should on a 360 controller.
Not sure.  I play xbox. It should work since it is also for PC.  It works great on my XBOX.
yes
Yes, any windows PC
"could be a compatibility issue - most PC games with controller compatibility are set up to take on-brand xbox controllers, which have a particular kind of input. a lot of off-brand usb controllers have a different kind of input. since the game is set up to only recognize one kind of input, it wont recognize the off-brand controller as a controller at all. x360ce is a controller emulator program you can use to solve this problem. it switches the input so that the game recognizes the controller as a controller. i used it and it worked - you can find the program and tutorials on how to use it with google.it could also be because the controller isnt very good and just doesnt work.



    could be a compatibility issue - most PC games with controller compatibility are set up to take on-brand xbox controllers, which have a particular kind of input. a lot of off-brand usb controllers have a different kind of input. since the game is set up to only recognize one kind of input, it wont recognize the off-brand controller as a controller at all. x360ce is a controller emulator program you can use to solve this problem. it switches the input so that the game recognizes the controller as a controller. i used it and it worked - you can find the program and tutorials on how to use it...
      » 
Read More


   could be a compatibility issue - most PC games with controller compatibility are set up to take on-brand xbox controllers, which have a particular kind of input. a lot of off-brand usb controllers have a different kind of input. since the game is set up to only recognize one kind of input, it wont recognize the off-brand controller as a controller at all. x360ce is a controller emulator program you can use to solve this problem. it switches the input so that the game recognizes the controller as a controller. i used it and it worked - you can find the program and tutorials on how to use it with google.it could also be because the controller isnt very good and just doesnt work.
      « 

Show Less"
Mine did not work at all! It was plugged into an xbox 360..
It depends how long you use it.  I've played for hours and it seems to last for a few days. I usually play a couple of hours a day.
It full charges it
yes, 2 of them.
Hi, it works with any battery I have the original batteries and the 2 I received with the charger and they all fit in.
Yes
The one battery pack that worked for a short time worked fine.
Same here, I bought two of these chargers, one was fine..the other one had a broken brass strip on it and the battery will not charge on that side.  I was wondering the same, how do I get a replacement as this one is obviously defective.  I don't want to have to go through the whole process of having to repackage it, sending it out again, and waiting for the replacement.  I was very disappointed.
It works on USB. ..I don't even hook mine to the playstation
We tried it and it works that way as well.
Yes you can.
the port is a really tight fit.  it probably wouldn't work with a skin or anything else that would impede the connection in the slightest.
Yes, it does. The functionality is iffy though. Mine still works but only one of the ports and it's on and off.
No you have to have the rechargeable controllers already. This is just like the cord but two spots for the controllers to sit in. I wouldn't get it though. Mine was a POS. I just threw it away
No, It does not. My boyfriend already had a cord to charge his controllers from the play station. He uses the same cord for the charging stand. If you have one of those it should be fine.
I was able to run it on Win7 Pro 64bit. Didn't require any compatibility changes or the Administrator option. Though I don't know the specs of your system, when I was playing it I had a 3.4 ghz AMD quad core, Nvidia GTX 560 Ti, and 8 gbs of 1600mhz DDR3 ram.Best answer for you: it is diffinently possible.Cheers,Matthew
You have to have internet to download and install the game and updates. The game does not come with disk or packaging, but can only be redeemed through a Steam Application code.
The code is to use the game on a steam account.  I believe steam is free to downlaod.  Got this for my son.
Each game in the persona series starts anew with their own independent story, so just like with final fantasy no persona game so far has been a sequel to any in terms of story. Just a little spoiler warning in terms of story P1-P3 have pretty dark stories, P4 is golden for a reason.
A game card~ You are Chinese right~ then you will really love this game!!! It's a really fun Japanese RPG! I spent almost 2 weeks on this game and I'm only at two third about this game ~
chie's va was changed and in my opinion still not great but a huge improvement,other than that there are just additions, more events, chance to improve social links at night, couple of new social links, new personas and a new dungeon, i do have to point that the difficulty at normal felt easier than in the ps2 version, and hard was, well, too hard, so if you enjoy moderate challenge keep that in mind.
Unfortunately, no.
"The spoken dialogue is in English.  The characters still have Japanese names such as ""Yosuke Hanamura"", but all the dialogue is in ENglish."
It's the English version of the game. So, yes.
As far as I know, no. There are online features such as seeing what others are doing at your area of the game and news but there are no multiplayer features.
Heavy game play with minimal but excellent crafted cut scenes
The game does have a great way of introducing you to the game mechanics. After a short time I felt like I had a good handle of the game.
I really don't know. What do i know is that product works on Linux and Windows. Not sure about Mac, but I hope so. :)
"In regards to steam, it is functional if the game supports generic controllers.   Many steam games when they say controller support, they only mean XBOX 360 controller support.  So it really depends on the game.  For instance I played rogue legacy with a sega saturn adapter and SS controller, and it worked great.  The game Fez however had a number of problems regsitering other controllers than an xbox 360 one.As far as not registering, I couldn't say.  I am running x64 windows 7 which in terms of driver support is usually identical, and I had no problems just plugging it in and having it detected as USB Genesis controller or something like that under devices and printers.



    In regards to steam, it is functional if the game supports generic controllers. Many steam games when they say controller support, they only mean XBOX 360 controller support. So it really depends on the game. For instance I played rogue legacy with a sega saturn adapter and SS controller, and it worked great. The game Fez however had a number of problems regsitering other controllers than an xbox 360 one.As far as not registering, I couldn't say. I am running x64 windows 7 which in terms of driver support is usually identical, and I had no problems just plugging it in and having...
      » 
Read More


   In regards to steam, it is functional if the game supports generic controllers.   Many steam games when they say controller support, they only mean XBOX 360 controller support.  So it really depends on the game.  For instance I played rogue legacy with a sega saturn adapter and SS controller, and it worked great.  The game Fez however had a number of problems regsitering other controllers than an xbox 360 one.As far as not registering, I couldn't say.  I am running x64 windows 7 which in terms of driver support is usually identical, and I had no problems just plugging it in and having it detected as USB Genesis controller or something like that under devices and printers.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it will.  It will also work with Atari controllers
Yes
i have used  mortal kombat on a genesis emulator, which is similar to street fighter. response time is fast and never laggy or unresponsive. however i used the official genesis controller, i don't know about a gamepad
I use it with Linux on a PC, but need to use a special Linux driver available at https://github.com/robmcmullen/hid-atari-retrobit otherwise only the computer only detects two directions from the joystick (down & right).
As far as I know, the xbox 360 needs to be wired
yes, well done, thank you so much !!!
I don't think it would work. I just tried to get the process started (you need an original wired xbox controller to start) and it didn't work. so more than likely you won't be able to do this, however....google controller max! this might be able to help you or look up chronus max on amazon.
U prob is conflict between nvidia chipset and you madcazt stick, but this adapter is fine to solve you problem, or any pci usb2-3 card..
Once you use the controller the sysgem recognizes the ps3 as that controller and u cant cinnect it again
no I believe the original xbox controller had a round plug similar to gamecube. there may be an additional adapter to convert to usb but the product in question only has a usb port and a ps2 controller port
yes you can play two 2 controllers at the same time.
Nop there is no way u can use with wiiu pro on a ps3
"Just the Wii U. It uses a standard 1/8"" stereo plug with mic that plugs into the headphone jack on the Wii U GamePad. There is nowhere on the original Wii to plug it in."
Yeah u can hear in the game and video or use it with ur phone
That option is part of the wii u. do there is nothing to fix.
Well the problem is very simple, this headset is made ONLY for the Wii U and 3DS. It won't work on a tablet. As for your 3DS XL....it works on my NORMAL 3DS...I don't like the XL so I'm not sure if it would work on the XL or not, I think both the Normal and XL 3DS use the same head jack, so basically this would work on your 3DS XL, but it wont work on the tablet. It was specifically made for the Wii U and 3DS ONLY.
wii u to wii u calling program.black ops 2ghostssuper smash bros (only for multiplayer with friends)also probably works in a computer with mic test,
No.  It's permanently attached.
Yes
It depends on where you buy from, a lot of different online stores in amazon charge different prices. If you are comparing 2 prices from amazon, one console might be on sale.
Yes it can!
Yes you can. However certain games do require the motion plus, but a large majority of them do not.
"The Wii U and Wii are totally different systems, the names make that confusing. While Wii games will play in a Wii U, Wii U games will NOT play in a Wii. Sorry if that seems obvious, I've had a lot of confused friends who thought the Wii U was just some kind of add on and not a new system. The Wii U is in true HD, with HDMI out. It's also not dependent on the motion controls any more, so a lot more games make use of the pro controller, a lot like the older pro controller for the Wii minus the need to plug it into the remote. That being said most games allow you to pick your control type, so if you loved tilt controls in Mario Kart Wii you can still use them, like the pro controller you can use that too. I owned a Wii and I've had a Wii U for a little while now and I would say the quality of the games for the Wii U is much much higher. Mario Kart 8, Pikmin 3 and Super Smash Bros Wii U are, for my money, the best yet in their respective lines. Also the new games are outstanding, such as Hyrule Warriors and Captain Toad Treasure Tracker. The Wii U also introduces the ability to buy any game as a digital download, same day as the stores. Most big releases even get a midnight digital release!The Wii U interacts with the amiibos, that besides being awesome figures unlocks content in Nintendo games!The Wii U takes everything good about the Wii and makes it amazing!



    The Wii U and Wii are totally different systems, the names make that confusing. While Wii games will play in a Wii U, Wii U games will NOT play in a Wii. Sorry if that seems obvious, I've had a lot of confused friends who thought the Wii U was just some kind of add on and not a new system. The Wii U is in true HD, with HDMI out. It's also not dependent on the motion controls any more, so a lot more games make use of the pro controller, a lot like the older pro controller for the Wii minus the need to plug it into the remote. That being said most games allow you to pick your control type, so...
      » 
Read More


   The Wii U and Wii are totally different systems, the names make that confusing. While Wii games will play in a Wii U, Wii U games will NOT play in a Wii. Sorry if that seems obvious, I've had a lot of confused friends who thought the Wii U was just some kind of add on and not a new system. The Wii U is in true HD, with HDMI out. It's also not dependent on the motion controls any more, so a lot more games make use of the pro controller, a lot like the older pro controller for the Wii minus the need to plug it into the remote. That being said most games allow you to pick your control type, so if you loved tilt controls in Mario Kart Wii you can still use them, like the pro controller you can use that too. I owned a Wii and I've had a Wii U for a little while now and I would say the quality of the games for the Wii U is much much higher. Mario Kart 8, Pikmin 3 and Super Smash Bros Wii U are, for my money, the best yet in their respective lines. Also the new games are outstanding, such as Hyrule Warriors and Captain Toad Treasure Tracker. The Wii U also introduces the ability to buy any game as a digital download, same day as the stores. Most big releases even get a midnight digital release!The Wii U interacts with the amiibos, that besides being awesome figures unlocks content in Nintendo games!The Wii U takes everything good about the Wii and makes it amazing!
      « 

Show Less"
Four if you have enough controllers.
It is backwards compatible with ALL Wii mote controllers (original and with Wii motion Plus), along with all the accessories for the Wii Mote (like classic controller Pro). It does not natively support GameCube controllers but with the new adapter (shown in E3 2014) it will support both wired and wireless GameCube controllers.
It needs to be plugged in to the transmitter for it to work wirelessly   This is not a Bluetooth device but it does work with the cord nicely.     The receiver is USB 2.0 with a 3.5 mm male adapter  if you want to plug your phone in to the wireless connection.
yup and they have about 30-40 feet before they lose signal.
Slightly over ear
Hey Juana,Now that you mentioned it, it looks like I might have placed this headset under the wrong product. The headset I am selling is actually the PDP Afterglow Kral PS4 Wireless Headset - not the Afterglow Universal Wireless Headset. I think the Afterglow Universal Wireless Headset can't be used with Playstation 4. I will place this listing under the correct product.
They work with our TV, sound system, PS4, XBOX, even the home computer. They work so well I got my brother his own for Christmas.
I didn't pay quite this much and I don't know what you are comparing to. I'm pleased with their performance
Long cord plugged in via usb
It's a wired mouse.
"No it doesn't.  None of the extra buttons work, so you can only use it like a ""regular"" mouse.  That didn't stop me from buying it though :)"
Yes, I believe you can
In terms of plug and play yes, however I don't believe the software suite will be compatible with Mac.
Not mechanical. Gaming keys are rubberized ove I was happy with it. No complaints other then wasd keys are a pain to type with so I leave em off. Long coord for usb. Suggest watching a YouTube video before purchasing. Hope you found out what you wanted any other questions feel free to reply. In class atm but nothing to do so not a bother lol. Have a good day.
Question1: Nope, but you can remove them and clean them if you like too with the key remember that it comes with and for question 2 yea it does remove. Have a nice one
yes
Yes it comes in the retail box.
Mechanical
Yes it hug the controller just much sure you put it on tight so you don't get air bubbles.( they're super aggravating)
No
No my friend it wont fit because is not design for Xbox one!
Depends on your play style if your like me and you hold your controller tight and your hands sweat causing you to lose.  grip. Then yea they're perfect but if u hold you hold your controller lose and you sweat heavy then no because they grip your hand to tight and you do react slower than usual
Truthfully yes it does help with sweaty palms. As of right now I'm trying a full run of the entire mass effect series and it has seriously helped me keeping a good grip on the controller. Don't get me wrong, your palms will still get warm. But not to the point of slippage.
American here. I ordered this keyboard. Here's what mine looks like (pardon the smudges): http://i.imgur.com/Mn6qVwI.jpg
It has a caps key but I hate it. Its flimsy keys are cheap feeling and the caps lock does not have a gap between it and the letters, making it hard to not accidentally press, which happens alot...which is why im considering a new keyboard to replace due to this horrible design flaw...
Roccat only has Windows drivers and Linux drivers. There are currently no Mac drivers for it. I know that Razer has Mac drivers for many of their keyboards and mice.
no, they are always blue.  This keyboard is really bad to be honest, I got mine last year and keys always stop working, return asap, get a Logitech keyboard.
...You have aim assist in all your games...
Hi, yes it comes with a fairly good semi hard type carry case, which holds everything you need together securely and offers good travel/ storage protection for everything inside.
Yes, the controller is wired and has a USB. I use my controller for my desktop to okay games on Steam.
Unfortunately it won't as the Sabertooth has no wireless capabilities.
yes. the rockers and the additional shoulder buttons can be programmed to serves as any other button on the controller. you cant program new functions but you can program the rockers with the axby buttons so your thumb never has to leave the stick, for example.
Aslong as your not trying to pair with xbox one or ps4 they have perfect comparability with current gen consoles and pcs
Nope, It actually doesn't work at all don't get if you don't wanna waste your time!
Yes
Up to 4 players at a time.
Well, I believe it all depends on whether adult enjoys the LEGO video game style or not. I am not precisely a LEGO video games enthusiast but I like video games in general, so if my boy - who loves this video game - calls me in to join him I am pretty sure I will enjoy gaming with him.
No, it's all the Marvel superheroes. The Avengers are are in it though.
Yes
No... only 1 or 2 people. Bummer.
I bought my Xbox in Colombia (same USA region). I can not help in this part.  What I can tell you is that the game did not work at all.
The new slim will not fit in this case because it has different dimension then the old vita, which this case was molded for.
Yes it will. The slimmer model may fit will a little space because the original fits too snug. But they will redesign.
I dunno
It's made only for the first ps vita model. Not psp slim or ps vita slim
If you have your PS vita without any protector, it fits perfectly. Yoou can have a screen protector but no more than that. At least in my experience
No. It wont fit
Yes
4
180 degrees. You won't be able to play in the case either. But I've dropped mine a couple times on asphalt and it's done great.
No, just the Vita.
I dont feel like answering questions right now.. This controller is trash,, aint work with the game i wanted to play
I have a moto x and it works, so it should work. My phone is not rooted
it can pair with the ipod but some games gets updated then they dont work will
I would like to say yes because the gs5 is only marginally wider than the lg g2 (which i use) and i know for a fact that the clamp stretches further than my phones width.
Sadly no, while it is adjustable, the note 3 probably won't fit to any of these type controllers. It should still.work if you have a stand or prop the phone up though.
I don't see why not. As long as your tablet has blue tooth it should work.
No
Yes
Yes. That's what I am using now.
No
No it does not
Yes
Dear Yue,Thank you for your question.The system version of this 3ds is5.0.0-11J.Feel free to ask anything question if you have.Sincerely,
I checked in settings and on the bottom right it says Ver. 7.2.0-17J
Because that stupid Nintendo has region lock on all their game consoles. That means different region console can only play that region version games.
I am sure it is compatible with MacBook or any laptop. But I wouldn't know for sure because mine broke in less than 3 months, before I could use it on other devices.
It should have came with a 2.5 to a 2.5 if you are having problems I would just get a 2.5 to a 3.5 adapter
No you don't.  Just plug the optical cable and the usb into the ps4 and configure it  in the dashboard.  Only in xbox you need to plug the cable into the controller.
No I doesnt need to be connected with the control    You could do It but that's up to you
No you need the base
The headset is self only has a micro USB port for charging. The wireless base has a 3.5 mm jack. This means the base needs a power source (wall plug), but can be used with a mobile device. Just not very practical for mobile use. I've never used a50, so I can't compare them.
From what i can tell it will work with xbox one. I found this video on youtube explaining how to do it. You seem to need an attachment to get voice chat but the headset will get sound by plugging in the optical to the xbox here is the link. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8uoAkm9u8g
Yes I believe allows 7.1 and I have the same headphones and it works really well. I hope this helps
Probably only with an optical switch, which the manual ones are very cheap
Yes
As far as i know, no
Windows 7.
Yes if you have 2 controllers (or someone wants to use mouse and keyboard.) you could easily play play multiplayer (splitscreen).
yes
yes you can
Could be that you need to update your drivers. Or try reinstalling the game.
No is not needed, but a cotroller is cheap and i think it enhances the gameplay a lot
I had the same thing happen- I opened a ticket on the corsair support website http://corsair.force.com/ You'll need to register first so you can log into your account to request an RMA. I didn't have some of the necessary info but I did have an email of my receipt so that did it. It was super easy, good luck!! : )
blue
Yes it will always come with a 2 year limited factory warranty anywhere you buy it.
one is for the keyboard and the other one is for the USB port it has in the back
Mine haven't and I've got weeks of total use out of it.
2.0 but i plugged it into 3.0 & it worked too.
Most keys do not work
You get the map pack that has a 15$ value for 5 cents more than the original version. The map pack has 4 new multiplayer maps, 1 bonus weapon, and 1 zombies map.
Nope (about 6 hours)
The game is on a disc, while the dlc is a code
Just received this today and Nuketown 2025 is not already on the disk but multiplayer requires it.  Unfortunately it can't be found on Xbox Live and that's even after (right now) chatting with tech support.  It's also not accepting the revolution map dlc game code that was in the box.I'm not so sure about this right now.
Yes
How do I find that out?  I play multi most of the time and don't play online at all.
I bought for my friend..i hope they are usb..i bought for games and etc...
Yes
Yes
Yes, it is some sort of man made leather. The product is worth the price, much better than same priced TB's. Although they can be bothersome to wear for a long period. I hope this helps.
Hi mkirn887, first you're a lucky man! How did you get your wife to play FIFA!? Now there is a 1 vs. 1 and also you can both play on the same team against the COM. Just switch both controllers to the same side at the chose your side screen. Good luck!
"Yes, but this game is terrible, it is not like any other FIFA 14 game.  I played it 3 days and then put it away and never played it again.  I have every copy of FIFA since FIFA06 and have played hundreds if not thousands of hours.  DON""T BUY THIS GAME!  NO COMPRE ESTE JUEGO..ES MALISIMO, NO ES NADA COMO LOS OTRO FIFA, MEJOR ESPERAR PARA EL NUEVO FIFA15...ESTE ES MALISIMO, NISIQUIERA LO JUEGO YA."
This game has all these teams. Greetings.
I don't recommend playing with a move controller
I'm not sure because my kids don't have the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil, but I think the later is a special edition issued little before the 2014 world cup started and updated to include players and teams which were about to participate in that specific tournament.
Yes
This version as well as 2013 version is fully Move compatible. Though I doubt you will be able to execute the full array of moves without a standard controller.
This year's version is very similar to previous versions in terms of controls. Small differences like ball physics tweaks are new but are only going to cause issues if you're very familiar with an old FIFA title. But I find this one to be easier than 11 for example and very similar to 13. The learning curve is not steep in my opinion. If you've never played FIFA you might get bugged that not everything is going exactly the way you want right away, but after some practice you'll find you can score in creative ways and really enjoy the game
As a franchise player as well, if you are on a PS3 I would go with Fifa 13.
Nope. I have, on several occasions, pre-ordered games from amazon and they never come on launch date. Best way for launch day is gamestop.
It has the campaign which is single which you dot need live but the multiplayer you do. You do need live to get updates on the game though. So to get the best experience while playing this game, I would get Xbox live but you don't need it for the campaign part.
No jumping. Hurdling over objects.
No it's not, there's lots of cussing, and things most parents, at least good parents, would want to shield their kids from. Feels more like a college plus game. The more you allow, the more likely your child will vote for the next Barack Obama. Nobody wants that.
You can just play campaign if you wish. You can turn  off the online aspects.
I bought the disc you'd have to check the Xbox store. It's likely there.
Hi leo, it's both.... you can buy the disk or download for Xbox One and also Xbox 360. http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/watchdogs#fbid=-nNsNr5aBkK
No. The box includes a pamphlet that has information about uplay but nothing important.
It's pretty the same except for improved graphics
"Yes, there are two discs.  Disc 1 is the installation disc.  Disc 2 is the ""play"" disc, meaning you have to have it in the X-Box while you are playing the game."
I would think of it this way. You should play it with your boy and explain things along the way. Just like would you let them watch Road warriors the movie by them selves or with you watching it with them.
I've always bought new games but if I did buy a preowned game I would make sure they had a great review from them positive feed hope this helps
I think it's probably ok. If they go to a public school, there's nothing in GTA:V they haven't already seen or heard. Plus if you're a parent too lazy to even do a simple google search to see what's in this game, you've already shifted the responsibility of raising your kids to the public and the US Government. Above all else, just give your kids whatever they ask for. We'll take it from here.
Yes
12.5 gb and no to much violence
Hello! Thanks for your question. The best that I can tell is that you need the disc in order to play the game. So I think that as long as you download it once, you shouldn't have to re-download the game again. All you would need is the disc to play the game. Again, I am not 100% sure about this but from experience that is how it's always been. Sorry if I could not provide you with a better answer.
No because, there is less to do on Assassin's creed. It also has a smaller area than GTA V where as GTA V has a huge world with variety of gameplay. But this is just my opinion and I feel that kids and young teenagers should buy Assassin's creed due to GTA V having a lot of profanity in it. If GTA could tone that down then GTA V is for me a 100% fun time.
I don't know seems pretty cheap when I bought it I thought it was fake or something but I took a risk and everything seems pretty good works great runs great I've had no problems good game and good deal
This is made for USA made consoles.  So it probably wouldn't work for any other country.
I believe 2.
Yes
This one came to us as the English version. Our kids love this.
You can use the figures from any skylanders game that came out before swap force did.
Yes
Yes.  The portal platform with USB comes with this set.
Dear value Amazon Customer,Thank you for your questionUnfortunately, the Trap Team will not work with the Swap Force. The Trap Team only works with the new portal, however all Skylanders figures will work in the new portalThank you for your interest and we wish this information help you.
The Skylanders from Giants and Spyros Adventure will work on the portal. The only ones that won't work are from the newest game Trap Team, it has a new portal. You can also use the old games with the Swap Force portal. I also read the portal will work on a Wii or a PlayStation, although we haven't tried it yet.
5 V. 5, yes. MyGM, no. MyCareer, yes but it takes longer to level up your player without VC.
I'm playing on All-Star difficulty with 6 or 7 mins per quarter. I highly advise to try tuning the User and CPU sliders for best experience in singleplayer mode, mainly toning down CPU's superhuman abilities like high % of made FGs, and offensive rbs etc etc. If you want, you can check out this great website www.operationsports.com for more info about NBA 2K sliders settings in the site's forum section.
Yes, you can
Yes, you need to change your language system to spanish
The dunk contest and three point shootout are in the myCareer and myGM modes. In myCareer you can only do the shootout because of some weird glitch. Not sure about myGM.
I'm not sure I've only gotten nba 2k games because of my player mode
Yes you can. I think 4 players, if not more, can play on the same system.
no, it does not have story based co-op
It's one player only.
The portal and disc will not work on the xbox360, the figures will work across platforms. I have both 360 and the Xbox one and interchange the figures regularly.
characters are usable on any system, just depends on the game, newer games support all while older games support up to the games' release.
The game disk is also included
I believe so, yes. This is my first purchase, but my nephew has the trap team and those characters do not work with this.
These are the starter pack characters.  I'm not aware of any choices.  They're included in the box.
No, you can play with other characters like Kaito, Len Kagamine, Rin Kagamine, Meiko, Haku, Teto, Luka and Neru.
no
There's 'Fire Flower', 'Dream Eating Monochrome Baku', and he also sings in 'Kagamine Hachihachi Flower Fight' and 'Remote Controller' with Rin.
It's out of print.
This version of the game is in English, and the PS3 isn't region-locked, so don't worry, you can play it wherever you live. ^_^
Ashes to ashes is his only single the rest are all in a group singing
Nope. It's only for PS3.
Sure, just remember u need high speed Internet for updates.
Yes
500
The game came outside the PS4 box.
I bought this for my step son for Xmas and I really am not sure because I wasn't there when he hooked it up, all I can say is that he's very Happy with the system. Im positive it was one not sure if two were in it, sorry
It IS independent of GFWL though, which we should all be grateful for.
You can download it right now, but won't be able to play it until the 25th.
If you did and completed the game, you would be honored as a hero.
Yes it does.
It depends...if you like eye candy then yes.  The game looks and runs amazing at 60fps.  The content is identical though
It's basically the black armor edition only you don't get the exclusive metal case it's all digital.
Yes, It will work for any flight simulator, or for any game you would fly aircraft.  The Wheel Stand is use to mount your hardware (Yoke. Rudder Pedals), and it does not matter what game you are playing.  The Stand works perfectly and is easy to move.
YES YOU PUT IT AT ANY ANGLE YOU WISH.
Wheel stand pro is a stand to mount other controls such as flight yoke or race car steering wheel to. All of the instruments are sold separately. The stand is very well made and will take a lot of abuse.
Yes
This is just a stand. Not the whole set of hardwares.
Wheel stand Pro can certainly support the Rhino, if you can get the platforms to interface (sit the controllers on) to the wheel stand.
Yes. ..I bought this product and works great try rapid fire and silencer
Well, Amazon sent me a different controller by accident but I'm sure MOST of the mods work
Honestly No it isn't  my younger brother is better then me at it and  he didn't find it any help ful, so no it isn't at all. And it's tooo expensive
Its working pretty good for me sometimes its a little slow on shooting but i find it usefull for me for those guns
Yes it those drop shot  jump SHOT exc
Because XB1 sucks and PS4 is better
No :I just got my son in-law to go into the games options and I am sad to say there does not seem to be able to chose which language you can play in. But I would check in at Battlefield 4 web site. They may sell a Spanish version. Hope this helps. Michelle I just went and found this site http://www.battlefield.com/es/battlefield-4, this may help
It has a campaign but you can't pay split screen with friends or play against bots either.
yes, yes, yes!
Yes lots of people still play this i get to play full servers all the time which is 64 people max on the conquest game mode
honestly i dont know. bought it as a present
No
Unfortunately not.
You plug your lightning to usb cable just like you would with a wall charger. It should work just fine. To charge the moon stone's battery you use the provided micro-usb to USB charger to plug into your wall
The key is a headphone wrap and the fish is a cord wrap.
I charged mine with an outlet...not computer..took a couple hours. And I only used it until I could get my phone or iPad to a regular charger
You would use your iphone 5 usb cable
You can use both ports ... I have had 2 phones charging before at the same time
Yes.. works with anything that has a USB cord.
My iPhone 4s works fine with it, and I think it should work with an iPhone 4.
I havent charched a tablet with the  Lepow series 3000mAh.  It perfectly works with my cell phone.
Yes, it most definitely does have two player mode or single player.
The ESRB rating is E for everyon 10+, however this is a family friendly game. If you 6 year old watched the movie I don't see any problems with them playing this. As with all of the Lego games you have to smash objects and enemies, but it isn't a violent game. If you have any concerns download the free demo and play for a few. Great game if you are a fan of the film.
I don't think it will play through the Kinect. I read the game manual insert and the entire case and the Kinect wasn't mentioned. I have the 360 version, so if you have the Xbox 1 it may have added features, however I don't know. I played the entire game without seeing any mention of it. I hope this helped answer your question.
It comes with a case with the disc in it.
Yes there is you must complete the game first to unlock it.
After you unlock them via secret code or via playing a story mode
It works fine w/o internet.  When it's connected to the internet, it simply gives you access to your profiles / settings that you have saved in their cloud.  If you don't have access to the internet, it will just use the local copy of the settings you have.  It's nice because if you go to someone else's house or use a different computer, you'll have your custom settings right there for you.
No - you can only change the intensity or turn it off all together, but you can't change the color.
I haven't had any issues
Yes I am currently running it on Windows 8.1
"I'm 6'4"" (1.93 m) with fairly large hands and it fits great."
Yes James it should do you good there
"Yes and absolutely yes.this keypad barely has enough buttons for the whole alphabet, let alone an entire keyboard. By no means trash a keyboard for this, it's purely meant for a more ergonomic input method. As for the wired/wireless, there are tradeoffs. Personally wired is more reliable, no battery to worry about and no wonky connection issues to deal with. But if you can't configure it to be somewhere comfortable for you within the reach of the wire, that's what wireless is for. Be advised that any wireless device will have at least a tiny bit of lagged input to the computer, so it's not advised for anything competitive.



    Yes and absolutely yes.this keypad barely has enough buttons for the whole alphabet, let alone an entire keyboard. By no means trash a keyboard for this, it's purely meant for a more ergonomic input method. As for the wired/wireless, there are tradeoffs. Personally wired is more reliable, no battery to worry about and no wonky connection issues to deal with. But if you can't configure it to be somewhere comfortable for you within the reach of the wire, that's what wireless is for. Be advised that any wireless device will have at least a tiny bit of lagged input to the computer, so...
      » 
Read More


   Yes and absolutely yes.this keypad barely has enough buttons for the whole alphabet, let alone an entire keyboard. By no means trash a keyboard for this, it's purely meant for a more ergonomic input method. As for the wired/wireless, there are tradeoffs. Personally wired is more reliable, no battery to worry about and no wonky connection issues to deal with. But if you can't configure it to be somewhere comfortable for you within the reach of the wire, that's what wireless is for. Be advised that any wireless device will have at least a tiny bit of lagged input to the computer, so it's not advised for anything competitive.
      « 

Show Less"
As long as your PC has USB support it should work fine.   I have used this on numerous PCs and have never had it crash so I am unaware of any problems like that.   Yes, you still need a mouse.  But this will allow you to avoid using the keyboard with your left hand for action bars and things of that sort.   I used it during beta testing of ESO and it functioned fine.
Yes, I imported the vita to the uk and had no problem with changing the language. The only problem I have encountered is with some games the x and o buttons swap functionality.
Games usually stay the same.  The only difference is in the Vita menus.
The charger, the vita itself, and paperwork.
I bought it as a gift and shipped it so I am not sure what's included with the unit. I apologize. Jim
It is only backwards for the main menu and PlayStation store. For the games, the controls are set for whatever region the game was made in. There is no way to change the controls for the menu and the store though, however I got used to that quickly.
Yes, sony products are not region locked. So it can play any american game / Japanese games!
Only difference is color and O is select and X is back if color matters to you get the import of not get the borderlands 2 bundle with black vita slim I think it's only 199 hope that helps
Definitely not true. I've had mine for.... Well,  I while,  at least six months or so and it's still kicking haha. My friend has an American version and he prefers mine due to the color. Cuz that's really the only difference! Sounds like your friend just hates happiness and color, cuz that's what you get with the Japanese vita xD
It is used condition and no official warranty but I guarantee for 3 month.Thanks
You choose the language in the initial set up.  Really the only difference is color and you use circle to confirm x to go back in the OS menus (in games its normal).
football, baseball,, regular tennis, boxing, darts
Yes
The XBox 360 does have access to Amazon Instant Video if you have an XBox Live account and an Amazon Prime account, however it only lets you watch the free videos or ones you have purchased from the website (it does not have a storefront).
get an adaptor set for European plugs.
Yes if it is for Xbox 360
NTSC
"We haven't had any problems with it working in Win 7 64. It's recognized immediately as a game controller.Just FYI, from my review ""There is a switch with ""DP, LS, RS."" This is so that the joystick can emulate either the D-pad, Left stick, or Right stick on the PS3 controller. You might have to change this switch dependent on the game."""
I've been using the Rea Arcade on PC for a while and I don't have any problems with it.
Totally works, play Guilty Gear all the time with it.
Yes, although I have heard of people having compatibility problems depending on if they have a certain intel chipset.  Works great for me though, games like SF4 and KOF automatically recognize the stick
It's about 3kg!
It is wired.
It's a square gate.
No its just for ps3
It plugs in Via USB to a PS3. It can be dual modded for Xbo 360 as well if you know how o do it or find someone who does.
Hmm something is definitely not correct either dimensions. The pro versions is wider a bit but not twice the length. Check YouTube.
no it does not
Yes it does everything is unlocked from characters to modes and etc.
Yes it should have full Latin Spanish but I wouldn't know because I use it in English but the game does have language settings.
Yes
Yes
Mine is in blue.
Yes
Yes
"I'm sorry this won't answer your question, but for both to break within 6 months seems that it could be a defective product or batch. I've had mine for quite a while now, and my fingers never come across touching or bumping the dongles (and I have large hands). I have never had an issue sliding them back into their base. They work amazingly. I wish I knew where I put the original packaging to see what the warranty was, but it will NEVER hurt to contact them and explain your situation. Nyko has been great about handling defective accessories. If you have the documents that came with the unit, contact them. If not, you probably can find their customer service connection on their website to address the situation. I hope this helps a little. ~C



    I'm sorry this won't answer your question, but for both to break within 6 months seems that it could be a defective product or batch. I've had mine for quite a while now, and my fingers never come across touching or bumping the dongles (and I have large hands). I have never had an issue sliding them back into their base. They work amazingly. I wish I knew where I put the original packaging to see what the warranty was, but it will NEVER hurt to contact them and explain your situation. Nyko has been great about handling defective accessories. If you have the documents that came with the...
      » 
Read More


   I'm sorry this won't answer your question, but for both to break within 6 months seems that it could be a defective product or batch. I've had mine for quite a while now, and my fingers never come across touching or bumping the dongles (and I have large hands). I have never had an issue sliding them back into their base. They work amazingly. I wish I knew where I put the original packaging to see what the warranty was, but it will NEVER hurt to contact them and explain your situation. Nyko has been great about handling defective accessories. If you have the documents that came with the unit, contact them. If not, you probably can find their customer service connection on their website to address the situation. I hope this helps a little. ~C
      « 

Show Less"
Looks like Nyko website direct order is the place. You might have to copy and paste the below link.http://www.nyko.com/products/product-detail/?name=Replacement+Dongles+for+Charge+Base+for+PS4
I'm no scientist but if the device knows when the controllers are charged, why wouldnt it stop charging them? thats generally how chargers work.
The charge base doesn't, however Nyko makes a battery pack that is compatible with this base that does and it works very well. The wonderful thing about the charge base is you don't have to fight with the micro USB plug to recharge your controller. You plug the dongle in and it's the last time you have to deal with that stupid plug.
I would not recommend it. Thank you for asking.
Nope works with gravity hahaha its the only thing making the pins charge the controller there is no clip o holder just gravity
No it's designed to be plugged into an outlet.
What is AC? You place your controllers onto the base.. it charges.
Not sure...the charger has a little plastic adapter piece that fits onto the controller.  It's fits pretty tight on the controller.  If your case is very thick...I don't think it will work.
Yes Sandra.
Please note: If you DO NOT own an Xbox 360 this is useless! You have to install on Xbox 360 first to install on XB1. I bought this and cannot install because I ONLY have XB1!!!!!! WARNING!!
Although I am not sure if it will work on a foreign account. I'm pretty sure it will though. The code does not get emailed, it is shipped to the address that you put in for the order. Enjoy! It's a great game.
No, You can only activate the game on one Xbox live account. So if you activate it the Xbox 360 copy on your account, the same account will be allowed to download the Xbox one edition. You can sign into your friends Xbox one and play from there, but he wont own the game.
You have to download it to your xbox 360 first. Then it will be available for free on your xbox one. If your consoles share the same xbox live account.
If you mean as soon as you pay for it no. It will be sent to you in a plastic case with a download code for ghost xbox one and 360. It took at least 3 to 5 days to receive the codes.
I already shipped this back to you. It was a quick turnaround back to you. I shipped it back the same way that you sent this to me. It was a return to sender package. You did not have the disc inside.
Once you redeem it on 360. Search for the game on the xbone store. Should be a free download
No. Did you read Japan Import? Is $20 more because it is imported. Sony announced that they will release the wave blue in US for 60 bucks in the fall.
That's right. It is a product that Sony has produced.
Yes
"While the characters work in the ""toy box"" portion of the game, you can not use the levels in 1. you need to keep 1.0 to play the original games."
Just Elsa and Anna.  Rapunzel is separate.  Jasmine can only be used with Infinity 2.0
You need to buy the new game Disney 2.0 which comes with the new portal. Characters from 1.0 will work on the new 2.0 portal.
It is the best offer I have seen,  it will match Walmart pricing and you get the extra coins.
Yes, all figures can be used in Wii U, if you have the Wii U Infinity Base.
Yes.  They all come in their original packaging as you would find them in retail stores.
Yes, but this bundle contains most of the figures.
The more figures you have the different scenes and adventures you can play. Each character has their own world the more you have the more you can unlock.
These are add on pieces. In order to play you need the starter pack which includes three characters, game and activation base. These work for every game system that you have the base and game for.
This version of j stars victory vs is region free meaning it works on the US vitas as well as Japan vitas
It doesn't have english subtitles I've found but you can find translations of menus online Easily. I've tried to connect to online and it has not proved feasible. Maybe you can find a way. There are many configurations and every time I get to the competitor confirmation screen, it takes me back to the previous screens so I suppose that is a decline.
Yes he is
Nop
All of the systemrequirements are listed on the game box.
Um..I only play the game 10 minutes over a month ago..I didn't like the graphics and play.. I I cant remember if the game has the option you are asking for.i wont lie and give you any answer. .hope I was any help..merry Xmas from new Zealand. .david
"Yes, it will run on Windows 8. To get Blitzkrieg 1 and its expansion packs running, all you have to do is go to ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Blitzkrieg Anthology\"". Then, go to the folder called ""Blitzkrieg I"", and then go to the ""Run"" folder. Then, look for the application known as ""game.exe"", and then right click on it. After that, go to the Compatibility tab and click on the check box for ""Run this program in compatibility mode for:"" and select ""Windows XP (Service Pack 3)."" Then, click on the check boxes for ""Disable display scaling on high DPI settings"" and ""Run this program as an administrator."" Then, go to the ""Blitzkrieg I Burning Horizon - Rolling Thunder"" folder, and go to the ""Run"" folder, and look for the ""game.exe"" application, and do the same thing. Now, Blitzkrieg 2 and its expansion packs may work without any changes, but just in case, go to the ""Blitzkrieg 2"" folder, and go to the ""bin"" folder. Then, right-click on ""Game.exe,"" and go to the Compatibility tab. After that, click on the check boxes for click on the check box for ""Run this program in compatibility mode for:"" and select ""Windows XP (Service Pack 3)."" Then, click on the check box for ""Run this program as an administrator."" That's all. Thank you for your time.



    Yes, it will run on Windows 8. To get Blitzkrieg 1 and its expansion packs running, all you have to do is go to ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Blitzkrieg Anthology\"". Then, go to the folder called ""Blitzkrieg I"", and then go to the ""Run"" folder. Then, look for the application known as ""game.exe"", and then right click on it. After that, go to the Compatibility tab and click on the check box for ""Run this program in compatibility mode for:"" and select ""Windows XP (Service Pack 3)."" Then, click on the check boxes for ""Disable display...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, it will run on Windows 8. To get Blitzkrieg 1 and its expansion packs running, all you have to do is go to ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Blitzkrieg Anthology\"". Then, go to the folder called ""Blitzkrieg I"", and then go to the ""Run"" folder. Then, look for the application known as ""game.exe"", and then right click on it. After that, go to the Compatibility tab and click on the check box for ""Run this program in compatibility mode for:"" and select ""Windows XP (Service Pack 3)."" Then, click on the check boxes for ""Disable display scaling on high DPI settings"" and ""Run this program as an administrator."" Then, go to the ""Blitzkrieg I Burning Horizon - Rolling Thunder"" folder, and go to the ""Run"" folder, and look for the ""game.exe"" application, and do the same thing. Now, Blitzkrieg 2 and its expansion packs may work without any changes, but just in case, go to the ""Blitzkrieg 2"" folder, and go to the ""bin"" folder. Then, right-click on ""Game.exe,"" and go to the Compatibility tab. After that, click on the check boxes for click on the check box for ""Run this program in compatibility mode for:"" and select ""Windows XP (Service Pack 3)."" Then, click on the check box for ""Run this program as an administrator."" That's all. Thank you for your time.
      « 

Show Less"
No, online subscription isn't required or to my knowledge even available.
Yes. However it does hang on my 8.1 pc from time to time but they may be the video card overheating.  I have a basic laptop. Not a gaming laptop
Only one dvd and it has 5 different games on it. It has 1 and 2 plus the expansions to them. Lots of hours and fun. I am glad that I bought this. Good luck to you.
Game wise.i didnt like the game at all..I play the game for 5 second and turn it off.more like a kids game..david.new Zealand.
I have this game, How would I know if Starforce is on the game.
I have Windows 7 Professional on my laptop. The processor is an Intel core 15 and the game runs but sometime it takes a while to being each new game. Not a computer expert here but hope this helps
As far as I can tell it seems to be English only. I checked the options section and there are no buttons to change language settings. Maybe the developer might have info I could not find. Hope this helps.
There are checkpoints. We always save at a checkpoint; however, I am not sure they really save the level. The checkpoints are statues with a white circle in front of them. Have your child save there and then see if it does save the level. And be sure to quit and save when you end the game. Hope this helps.
Sealed paper sleeve
I have both system and can't see any.  The same as far as what my eyes can see.
Yes that is normal.
PS4 games aren't region locked, but however their downloadable contents are , since this game is complete with everything included in it, you don't need to worry about that either. You can easily play it on your indian ps4.
To be honest, none of the new games ---like all of the PS4 games, have a booklet.  They may include some little piece of paper but it never has any information about the game, usually just an ad for some other game or maybe an online code.  If your game was used but didn't have anything in the case you aren't missing anything of importance. The manuals for the games are all online when you load the game, if you are signed onto the internet you will get an option to view the manual...hope that helps : )
I believe you can use the ps4 headset included with the system or any other compatible headset.
You don't need internet access to play the single player story mode, but there are patches that have been pushed out that will greatly increase stability, fix bugs, and add additional features. These patches will require just hopping online briefly with the game.
Single player with an online multiplayer component.
Only English bro...
Shrooms makes it loom like rainbows!
Haha you shouldn't. Microsoft released the white edition of the Xbox one with the sunset overdrive bundle releasing October 28th.
nothing, that's why the seller hasn't answered the question nor have they sold the system.
no
500GB
What do you mean black case?
No it's just a white piece of junk that is.being sold at a most ridiculous price wait till Microsoft come out with the white console like Sony is doing with. Their ps4
It says it does not come with the white controller on the description lol. All the lies
Not anymore. Free to play after purchase.
you can use the code on the ESO website or steamthe game requires 75 gb free space on HDD to unpack and installand my game takes up 41.6 gb total when finished
Buy it from Steam or buy it separately, it works the same.
No, it doesn't. You have to buy the code online or find an edition that still has it included.
There's programs u can get that will allow u to assign commands to controllers yes
Yes, in either 32 or 64 bit versions.
"It's similar to other MMO style games. The game is designed for players who like to explore and quest along the lines of Skyrim. Instead of kill 10 bandits or collect 10 plants objectives the game has you in the role hero wandering around saving individuals, towns, cities and kings. The game is different from other MMO's in that all skills are available. All professions, weapons, armor and skill trees with enough skill points available (a lot of work) to fill them all out on one character. PvP is similar to GW2's eternal battleground open WvWvW with the 3 factions fighting over lots of objectives. ESO's open world PvP is huge, much larger than GW2 even with all 4 zones added together. A lot more fun than GW2 to me, controlling certain scrolls gives PVE bonuses to the whole faction. Fully leveling a character through questing takes you to all 5 zones in all three factions. That's a lot of questing so I can see why players who don't like to quest or enjoy story lines would get bored with the game.



    It's similar to other MMO style games. The game is designed for players who like to explore and quest along the lines of Skyrim. Instead of kill 10 bandits or collect 10 plants objectives the game has you in the role hero wandering around saving individuals, towns, cities and kings. The game is different from other MMO's in that all skills are available. All professions, weapons, armor and skill trees with enough skill points available (a lot of work) to fill them all out on one character. PvP is similar to GW2's eternal battleground open WvWvW with the 3 factions fighting over lots of...
      » 
Read More


   It's similar to other MMO style games. The game is designed for players who like to explore and quest along the lines of Skyrim. Instead of kill 10 bandits or collect 10 plants objectives the game has you in the role hero wandering around saving individuals, towns, cities and kings. The game is different from other MMO's in that all skills are available. All professions, weapons, armor and skill trees with enough skill points available (a lot of work) to fill them all out on one character. PvP is similar to GW2's eternal battleground open WvWvW with the 3 factions fighting over lots of objectives. ESO's open world PvP is huge, much larger than GW2 even with all 4 zones added together. A lot more fun than GW2 to me, controlling certain scrolls gives PVE bonuses to the whole faction. Fully leveling a character through questing takes you to all 5 zones in all three factions. That's a lot of questing so I can see why players who don't like to quest or enjoy story lines would get bored with the game.
      « 

Show Less"
you have to have a physical copy of the game.
Yes, since the new 3DS can still run 3DS games it should always work. The action replay powersaves only edits with your computer on applying codes inside the game cartridges.
Yes it works with the new games
There a backup/restore setup. Just remember to backup the game data before using the cheat codes and if something does go wrong just go to restore then the backup game data will overwrite back and the bad cheat codes will be delete. Plus it's best off testing one cheat code at a time so you know what codes are junk.
Yes. it's English version only, but not regional games from another country.
Powersave PRO got License key which should be US. Some may be EU keys instead of US which is why it sometimes works for others with this product.Regular Powersave (yellow package) should have License key for EU, in this case, for UK. If your license key is from the other region, you can contact Datel to change the license key's currently region (EU <-> US) to the other.Website: https://powersaves3ds.maximummemory.com/support/
The Gembonics charger comes with a 3-in-1 cable which includes micro USB port so you just use that to charge it. You can connect it to the computer for a USB wall outlet. you dont need to buy anything else :)
Yes, that is what I have.
Dear April, dont worry. We have just sent you new one which should be with you in few days, Gembonics Customer Team
Yes,  I've looked up the alpha and checked the charging port,  it looks like it will fit the Android cable.
It works with my 4s, So I'll go ahead and say yes with confidence!
It's quite easy. It has a micro usb port for charging. You can invert the cable and plug the usb to a pc or to your phone charger. Or, you can use any usb/microusb cable and plug to a pc or a phone charger with a usb port.
You have to read the sellers description, if they mention that they're included, you're good to go.Also ask for exact pictures of the actual item.
I say yes just because its always fun to have the old system...and sometimes the new system and games cant compare to the feel and control of old systems�
This is a question that you should ask the individual seller.  Some will include A/V and power cords, others will not.  If they are of interest to you, you might want to also ask about jumper pak, expansion pak, expansion bay cover, controller, manual, original box, games, etc.
no, system only, no game, no cords, no controllers
I received one controller as written in the description from whom I bought it from.
Yes
Alcohol pads work well. They also work well for cleaning the electrical connections.
Wow it's been years since i played ocarina but last time i  remember, i dont think so but like i said its been years so you can probably ask another
I don't think it is
"I've been playing this game for over fifteen years and I have never come across a single prostitute. It could be a typo, you can prospect for gold if you take the 'Sacramento Trail'. Maybe he meant 'prospectors'. I think it's a good idea that you are buying this game for your grandchildren. Just be sure that they have a computer that can run it. I played it on ""Windows 95"" in my youth but it works with my ""Windows XP"" laptop. Any newer Windows OS probably won't run it. You could try stuff like 'Doss Box' but that is a route that you probably don't want to take because of all the complex computer work. You could take the computer to a microsoft store but that could end up costing hundreds of dollars and even then, it's not guaranteed to work. But if you do have the proper computer hardware, ""Oregon Trail 2"" is the best version of the ""Oregon Trail"" series.



    I've been playing this game for over fifteen years and I have never come across a single prostitute. It could be a typo, you can prospect for gold if you take the 'Sacramento Trail'. Maybe he meant 'prospectors'. I think it's a good idea that you are buying this game for your grandchildren. Just be sure that they have a computer that can run it. I played it on ""Windows 95"" in my youth but it works with my ""Windows XP"" laptop. Any newer Windows OS probably won't run it. You could try stuff like 'Doss Box' but that is a route that you probably don't want to take because of...
      » 
Read More


   I've been playing this game for over fifteen years and I have never come across a single prostitute. It could be a typo, you can prospect for gold if you take the 'Sacramento Trail'. Maybe he meant 'prospectors'. I think it's a good idea that you are buying this game for your grandchildren. Just be sure that they have a computer that can run it. I played it on ""Windows 95"" in my youth but it works with my ""Windows XP"" laptop. Any newer Windows OS probably won't run it. You could try stuff like 'Doss Box' but that is a route that you probably don't want to take because of all the complex computer work. You could take the computer to a microsoft store but that could end up costing hundreds of dollars and even then, it's not guaranteed to work. But if you do have the proper computer hardware, ""Oregon Trail 2"" is the best version of the ""Oregon Trail"" series.
      « 

Show Less"
It should. If you have a 32 bit version of windows Xp should work out of the box. If you have the 64 bit version you will need to manually install it but it will work fine too.
You can't. This program is for much older computer and won't install on newer models. I had the same issue.
No it won't, not out of the box. There is a work around that you can look up online though, after that it runs fine. I've done the modification myself and it works with my windows 8.1 64bit laptop.
I think if you click a button it will read to you but I'm not 100% sure
I never got it to work on Windows 7  ...it will only work on XP
Windows 8 I'm not sure I have 7 & it wouldn't work i luckily have a laptop that has XP on it so that's how I found out it worked on XP
No, the official Nintendo wave bird receiver is necessary. Other 3rd party receivers won't operate on the same fequencies
Make sure to go through the list of sellers. Not every seller includes the receiver. The one I bought did not include one, though I already had one from my now busted Wavebird.
It works with a Wii just fine. It won't work with a Wii-U because there aren't any controller ports, but it works with a Wii.
Mine came with a receiver,  I just wish the controller worked a bit more.
no
I play my roller coaster tycoon 2 on windows 8. Runs perfectly fine and isn't buggy. Just like when I was running it on windows 7!!
Yes it is
Yes
Windows 98/2000/Me/XP will all work with a windows 7 computer
No. When I looked into upgrading to windows 8 that was one of the programs it listed as being non-compatible
No
SMB 3 is easier.
There are 8 world's with about 88 levels between them if you count fortress and castles 8 mini boss fights and 8 boss fights
I think it depends on who's selling it, but I didn't get them from the person I ordered from. I don't have an eReader anyway, so I wasn't really looking for them in the first place.
"the netgear gateway cg814wg v2 is compatible with xbox-live, but you have to make sure you buy it yourself. if you let the cable company give you one, the company's firmware will be on the gateway and there is no way to tell if it will work because alot of comcast customers,""i'm one of them"" keep getting kicked offline as soon as i connect to xbox live and they don't have servicemen that can fix it"
No.  It is molded to fit a right hand.  I never even thought how a lefty would have to use it.....
No
Yes it is, I have been using mine under windows 8.1.  It works very well,
Yes, its analog as well as an analog throttle control. The hat is a 4-way digital.
Yes
Yes
I think so. it uses a USB plug so if your older PC has a USB port thenit will work.
This is the UK version! They should really put that in the description.......
Along time ago it did. But those servers were long shut down. If you are looking to race online on the PC you could play need for speed world. It's free.
P C    C D
Why yes.
"It does have both AoM & AoM: Titans.  The interesting part is the Code/Key is the same for everyone of these you purchase and it will not play with other original versions of AoM or AoM: Titans in a LAN game.  On the plus side you can uninstall the versions on the other LAN computers you have and install this version and then it will play LAN game mode.  Interestingly, once installed it does NOT require the DVD either.  I purchased three copies of this to game with two of my original versions for LAN gaming.  I was a bit upset to find out they all have the same Code/Key and really annoyed to find they wouldn't play with my originals.  Then I decided to try uninstalling my originals and installing this version and my LAN games were running fine (5 player fun).When it comes to Windows 8.1 I'm not sure as I've only run this on Windows XP SP3 + Windows 7 Home Edition.Hope this helps!When it comes to



    It does have both AoM & AoM: Titans. The interesting part is the Code/Key is the same for everyone of these you purchase and it will not play with other original versions of AoM or AoM: Titans in a LAN game. On the plus side you can uninstall the versions on the other LAN computers you have and install this version and then it will play LAN game mode. Interestingly, once installed it does NOT require the DVD either. I purchased three copies of this to game with two of my original versions for LAN gaming. I was a bit upset to find out they all have the same Code/Key and really annoyed to...
      » 
Read More


   It does have both AoM & AoM: Titans.  The interesting part is the Code/Key is the same for everyone of these you purchase and it will not play with other original versions of AoM or AoM: Titans in a LAN game.  On the plus side you can uninstall the versions on the other LAN computers you have and install this version and then it will play LAN game mode.  Interestingly, once installed it does NOT require the DVD either.  I purchased three copies of this to game with two of my original versions for LAN gaming.  I was a bit upset to find out they all have the same Code/Key and really annoyed to find they wouldn't play with my originals.  Then I decided to try uninstalling my originals and installing this version and my LAN games were running fine (5 player fun).When it comes to Windows 8.1 I'm not sure as I've only run this on Windows XP SP3 + Windows 7 Home Edition.Hope this helps!When it comes to
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, it runs on my Windows 8.1 system.
I was unable to plsy on Windows 7
If you are talking about the LAN between people on the same network, you do require two copies of the same game so you can both play, one for each computer because the serial key is unique to each installation, and also because you both require a CD on each of the computers for the program to run.
Go to voobly.com, make an account, download the client, and then you can go on the AoM: Titans lobby and play online through that client.
It sound a like your computer does not read the disk or something like that. You must have the CD Rom in the computer to play it!
Ie either click on the icon or click on Start an click on word perfect.
So far, I haven 't had any real problems.  A few things are a little different, but once you learn to navigate, it works well.
After seArching the internet several people say that it runs under :-P just fineBut there were a few who had problemsInstalling pit should be the same as you install any softwareMake sure your on Xperia with admin rights
Everything but the Address book. I have tried eveything and the address book does not work
No
I can't say for sure. I can tell you that this program has been able to open the Presentation documents (wpg) and word perfect documents (wpd) that were made by Corel suite 7 that was built for win95. I used it on win98, which was the last operating system that ver 7 would operate on.
I really don't know. WordPerfect licensing is less restrictive than other brands but I do know that WordPerfect Suite 8 is a very good inexpensive program for general word processing. I'll look in the literature that came with it when I get home and get back to you.
as long as you don't have windows 8 it should work fine.   I hate it that I can't get it to work on mine with Windows 8  so solutions so far...
Works well with mine.
What do you mean by steam?
mine came in the case as required
Yes it does I currently play on Windows 7.
Yes, offline with Bots
If you buy it new yeah it's legit and you can play it. If you get it usd the key won't work and it won't let you play. I had to find out the hard way rather than going to steam and buying the game download direct.
What is your definition of mechanical?  This keyboard is can be programmed, has a small led monitor, which I use all the time.  Keys are lit and and you can run your dvd and volume.  Plus it has a full number pad.  You can create macro commands for gaming.  Keyboard is a bit old school, but I like it.
"""or compatible"""
I played and reviewed the game on Windows 7.  The only Crazy Machines game that didn't work initially was Crazy Machines 2.  I have reviews of these games on my website if you're interested (follow the link in my profile) as well as fixes for CM2.
"It might be a little tricky for a 5 year old.  I'm guessing this would be better for a child around 7-8 years old.  That being said this is a pretty old game and we experienced problems with it on a newer (2004 iMac).  Not sure if the same would apply for a windows PC but when we purchased it it was a ""universal"" powerpc binary and the windows version was for windows 95."
Find all the answers herehttp://www.steinschaden.fr/soluces/crazy_nc/crazync.htmFor 53 pay particular attention to the length of the fuse as the distance from 8 ball to the bellows is affects when the ball will travel. The official solution has the domino falling onto right hand stump of the 'basket' and making a bridge with the hooks. The ball switches on the lamp. Also, make sure the solar panel is close enought to the light source, I think this is impotant, but not sure.
"When you click the ""on-off"" switch (button with yellow arrow) with the mouse, something should happen..."
My question exactly. I also really enjoyed The Incredible Machine games and would like to know if this is (1) a worthy successor (2) a blatant rip-off (3) a new twist on an oldie but goodie.
Yes ... I solved all but 5 of the 200 levels on my own ... but was stuck on a few of them so I searched for some solutions ... here are two great websites with pictures and text solutions for all of the levels.  Don't give up too soon .. but if stuck they can get you moving again.  Both sites are in German, but you can figure the solutions out either using the pictures or using a website translator.  Good Luck.http://home.tiscali.de/troll/cm/index.htmlhttp://www.cm-fanpage.de/board/index.php
"Okay, don't know if you want the answer or just hints.  And I don't know how to just give you hints without giving the whole thing away, because I only kept a picture of the solution, not the original problem.  Try not to read all the hints all at once if you want to ""figure it out.""  Here goes:Hint 1:  Battery is plugged into upper left outlet strip, which is then plugged into electro motor at the top and also plugged into the top rotating power switch.Hint 2:  Electro motor (top of screen) drive belt should be connected to the top gear in a three-in-a-row gear series.Hint 3:  Middle gear drive belt should be connected to the upper rotating power switch, which is then plugged into the upper light.  (Presto, one blinking light.)Hint 4:  Bottom gear drive belt should be connected to the lower rotating power switch, which now rotates but has no power to blink the lower light (yet).Hint 5:  Photo-voltaic cell should go beside top light which now blinks, and should be then plugged into second rotating power switch.Hint 6:  Then, other side of rotating power switch should be plugged into the lower light, which should now blink with the top light.I didn't use the lower outlet strip or the green elctro motor thing.  Have fun!  Let me know if you get to (and figure out) #78 of 102.  I'm currently stuck there.



    Okay, don't know if you want the answer or just hints. And I don't know how to just give you hints without giving the whole thing away, because I only kept a picture of the solution, not the original problem. Try not to read all the hints all at once if you want to ""figure it out."" Here goes:Hint 1: Battery is plugged into upper left outlet strip, which is then plugged into electro motor at the top and also plugged into the top rotating power switch.Hint 2: Electro motor (top of screen) drive belt should be connected to the top gear in a three-in-a-row gear...
      » 
Read More


   Okay, don't know if you want the answer or just hints.  And I don't know how to just give you hints without giving the whole thing away, because I only kept a picture of the solution, not the original problem.  Try not to read all the hints all at once if you want to ""figure it out.""  Here goes:Hint 1:  Battery is plugged into upper left outlet strip, which is then plugged into electro motor at the top and also plugged into the top rotating power switch.Hint 2:  Electro motor (top of screen) drive belt should be connected to the top gear in a three-in-a-row gear series.Hint 3:  Middle gear drive belt should be connected to the upper rotating power switch, which is then plugged into the upper light.  (Presto, one blinking light.)Hint 4:  Bottom gear drive belt should be connected to the lower rotating power switch, which now rotates but has no power to blink the lower light (yet).Hint 5:  Photo-voltaic cell should go beside top light which now blinks, and should be then plugged into second rotating power switch.Hint 6:  Then, other side of rotating power switch should be plugged into the lower light, which should now blink with the top light.I didn't use the lower outlet strip or the green elctro motor thing.  Have fun!  Let me know if you get to (and figure out) #78 of 102.  I'm currently stuck there.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, you do have to download it to play, and yes you can use it on other computers. I hope this helps.
That's all he has to do is click the icon.  No ads to bother you.
Yes it does have a tripeaks version called Triple Peaks in the Regular games folder
This version has several spider  games and the original too.  This should be great for you.
no
Yes, they call it Klondike in this edition.
Found Number 10 and Buffalo Bill.  Pretty good solitaire is terrific, has simple games and games that require a calculus degree.  There are hundreds and hundreds of games and you can get new ones if you own the software.  Enjoy!  The perfect solitaire CD for any solitaire fan.
I didn't see one, if it has one it can be turned off.---Yank
Hi Sylvia, I run W7 Pro on my 3 computers, so I can not answer your question. I did look at the documentation that came in the box. It does NOT state which OSs are supported. You can email Thomas Warfield at support@goodsol.com. Tom wrote the program. Bill R
Yes, I can play it on Windows 8 with all the latest patches.  If I remember correctly, tho', you need the origin libraries/app installed as well, but I could be wrong about that.
I wish could tell you something different but I bought it as a gift for my son's birthday and I believe that the disk was blank because I could never get it to upload
Yes.  Best to install it using origin.
Yes it does, I run it in Windows 8 myself. It was designed to run on Windows XP and Vista so there may be the occasional crash, but I have had very few problems once I installed it as the administrator and forced it to run in the Windows XP format. Very fun game, hope you enjoy it as much as I have!
It does but I recommend purchasing it through origin.
I do not know - we have Windows 7. Sorry I couldn't help.
No, at least mycopy didn't come with it. You have to buy it off the XBOX Live Marketplace.
I don't know for sure if EA has changed the contents since I bought it, but if it's the Platinum Hits edition, the bonus disc SHOULD come with it.
"For X360: Actually, the trilogy box set only has one DLC (for the first Mass Effect) that actually costs around $1-$5 by itself. With Mass Effect 2, there's the Cerberus Pass (which was once only available with a new purchase, but can now be downloaded from the Xbox Live Marketplace) and half of the DLC is free (go to Xbox Marketplace, find Mass Effect 2 DLC, and download Cerberus Network which is free, and you can download DLC from it which includes a new character, weapons armies and extra missions). Mass Effect 3 DOES need an Online Pass for online play, but some people were able to bypass this by having Xbox Live. Unfortunately, in both the trilogy and by itself, Mass Effect 3 contains NO DLC at all. The only free DLC is downloaded from Xbox Live Marketplace (it's add-ons for multiplayer, extra places to fight and more choices of bad guys to fight against). Every other DLC is not free. It doesn't actually matter which one you buy, as the only difference is the Bring Down the Sky DLC. Overall, the trilogy has only one DLC that isn't quite expensive while separately there are none. But if price matters, buy all three separately, as it can be cheaper sometimes by finding the right sellers. This may be kind of confusing but I hope I helped.



    For X360: Actually, the trilogy box set only has one DLC (for the first Mass Effect) that actually costs around $1-$5 by itself. With Mass Effect 2, there's the Cerberus Pass (which was once only available with a new purchase, but can now be downloaded from the Xbox Live Marketplace) and half of the DLC is free (go to Xbox Marketplace, find Mass Effect 2 DLC, and download Cerberus Network which is free, and you can download DLC from it which includes a new character, weapons armies and extra missions). Mass Effect 3 DOES need an Online Pass for online play, but some people were able to...
      » 
Read More


   For X360: Actually, the trilogy box set only has one DLC (for the first Mass Effect) that actually costs around $1-$5 by itself. With Mass Effect 2, there's the Cerberus Pass (which was once only available with a new purchase, but can now be downloaded from the Xbox Live Marketplace) and half of the DLC is free (go to Xbox Marketplace, find Mass Effect 2 DLC, and download Cerberus Network which is free, and you can download DLC from it which includes a new character, weapons armies and extra missions). Mass Effect 3 DOES need an Online Pass for online play, but some people were able to bypass this by having Xbox Live. Unfortunately, in both the trilogy and by itself, Mass Effect 3 contains NO DLC at all. The only free DLC is downloaded from Xbox Live Marketplace (it's add-ons for multiplayer, extra places to fight and more choices of bad guys to fight against). Every other DLC is not free. It doesn't actually matter which one you buy, as the only difference is the Bring Down the Sky DLC. Overall, the trilogy has only one DLC that isn't quite expensive while separately there are none. But if price matters, buy all three separately, as it can be cheaper sometimes by finding the right sellers. This may be kind of confusing but I hope I helped.
      « 

Show Less"
"Yes it can. I installed it on my laptop that currently has windows 8 and I can play both just fine. You may have to try going through the ""forces of corruption"" three times. I had to start it three times before it would actually work. However, i don't have do it every single time. It was only in the beginning."
I don't know if there's any such support, but since this game is essentially a spaceship RTS and not a flight simulator, I really, really doubt it.
There are a lot of nods for it. So probably.
This game is not about the clone wars....
Yes..I ordered and received the Gold pack
Download again
Yes, I have a Windows 7-64-bit system and it works just fine.
You can also download it off Steam. Steam is a free download. Make a free Steam account, download Steam, and buy the game
Its a piece of crap that cant support more then 2 controllers
I tested the multitap on the very first version, not the slim.
Yes
Yes, it doesn't work on windows 8/8.1 so of course it works with windows 7! :D
How would I know I hove not the foggest idea about windows vista.
No, it doesn't.  I bought for use with Win7 and No Go. And can't return. I searched under Win7 games and this one came up. Some users said that it would work with 7.  Read the product information carefully.
Donald-  I finally got CFS3 to work on my Win7-64.  I had to go into the control panel to software installation.  Run compatibility program.
It doesn't work on windows. 8
It will work with  windows 7, 32 bit, 64 bit has some problems and it will work with the extreme 3D joystick -- to some degree -- some of the features of the joystick don't work as they do with MS flight simulator. You can fly with it, engine speed, up, down, right, left so on,  but some things such as bomb, rockets are controlled by the keyboard. At least I haven't found where those buttons are?? Don't expect the same results that you can get with regular flight simulator. Good luck.
No, Microsoft Combat Flight Simulator 3 is only able to be played on Windows 7/XP.
no you have to have a flight stick
Yes it is, but to be honest I don't think combat flight SIM is that great of a game I would suggest IL2 instead
Yes it does. I just use it in PS3,  but after your question I tried  in my Galaxy S5  and it worked well
Most likely if you computer has Bluetooth.
Don't buy
It didn't even work with my PS3. Save your money and listen to the reviews on here. The official Sony bluetooth headset works much better and for only $15 more.
Yes
Sorri,  I haver no idea. But if PS Vita had a bluetooth connection i think it might work.
Yes
The Game is up to date
The CD codes are to insure that you are the actual purchaser of the program and not someone who got the program through some other means, ie an illegal back market copy.
yes it dose work on windows 7
Yes it does.
Yes
Hey Tim,The physical version does NOT use Steam. However, if you buy the digital download version from Amazon it does use STEAM.
Yes, actualy the logo on the game disk is the Windows vista logo.
You should be able to just add game in steam
Yes.
It works well with my Windows 7.  My kids love to play it, and haven't had any problems with it so far.
Sorry, I really don't know the answer to that I have windows 7.
Yes
Our grandkids usually play it on a computer NOT connected to the Internet and it works just fine.  However, having Internet access is helpful for upgrades.
Yeah it works great on windows 8
Disc
No
We had a Dell and HP at the time.  It should say it in the system requirements, etc. that they give.  I don't like too many computer games but this one had lots of positive aspects and our boys really enjoyed.
No steam required.
Don't know exactly what 64 bit is, but mine played on windows 7 & 8
Yes
YES
Didn't know it existed until you asked, but did a Google search.  It's available as a download and you can play on stream and others.  Check this out on  how to get it free: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlQn434c0Xo
Yes! I have it running on Win7 myself.
Yes,  the version i played is
There is a volume scroll .scroll to the right and it should get louder if not then you might have a defective pair
Mine broke just after a month..... looking for a better one
No, nor is it wireless.
It sounds really weird like loud and echoey
No this is plugged directly into the bottom of the Xbox 360 controller only.
No, this charger stops when the controls is completly chargeds
This is only for PS3 controllers. They don't come with battery packs. All you have to do is push the controller into the slot and it charges. It's really easy.
No. PS3 is Mini USB (This product)PS4 is Micro USB. Completely different cables. Even if the notches of the charger line up it won't physically fit.
Yes, its support both voltage.
It has an AC adapter and doesn't require the console to charge the controls.
Yes
I wouldn't recommend it. Because it could be fire-hazard, or treat it as one , just to be on the safe side. �
I take them off once charged. Probably  not good to have a constant charge going in.
Yes
"It has mild blood, violence, very little language. It just BARELY scrapes up to mature. I have had this talk with a bunch of people wanting to get their child Reach. It should not be rated Mature, and the thousands and thousands of times I have played it I have never felt ""disturbed"" or like it was inappropriate for children. You DO do things like run aliens over, or jab a knife in their brainpan, but it is just comic violence. Like LEGO games; isn't it morbid to hit someone and have them explode into pieces? ;) Just saying, this game has violence but it is very mild. Many of the Halo games are not deserving of their Mature rating. Hope this helps you some!



    It has mild blood, violence, very little language. It just BARELY scrapes up to mature. I have had this talk with a bunch of people wanting to get their child Reach. It should not be rated Mature, and the thousands and thousands of times I have played it I have never felt ""disturbed"" or like it was inappropriate for children. You DO do things like run aliens over, or jab a knife in their brainpan, but it is just comic violence. Like LEGO games; isn't it morbid to hit someone and have them explode into pieces? ;) Just saying, this game has violence but it is very mild. Many of the...
      » 
Read More


   It has mild blood, violence, very little language. It just BARELY scrapes up to mature. I have had this talk with a bunch of people wanting to get their child Reach. It should not be rated Mature, and the thousands and thousands of times I have played it I have never felt ""disturbed"" or like it was inappropriate for children. You DO do things like run aliens over, or jab a knife in their brainpan, but it is just comic violence. Like LEGO games; isn't it morbid to hit someone and have them explode into pieces? ;) Just saying, this game has violence but it is very mild. Many of the Halo games are not deserving of their Mature rating. Hope this helps you some!
      « 

Show Less"
Yes you can
Yes it can
no
Yes it can
In short, no.  Halo 1 & 2 were ported to the pc, but they stopped doing that after 2.  All the other Halo games (Reach included) only work on the consoles they were made for.  The only way to play Reach on the pc is to do some serious hacking, or use an illegal torrent to download a hacked copy.  The one pictured here was specifically made for the xbox 360, so it will not work on a pc (again, not without some serious hacking).
"Depends on the kind of fun you want. Bungie did Reach so there is a lot of fun to be had where the characters are actually funny and the playability is great. Halo 4 (not Bungie) takes itself far more seriously little to no ""fun"" stuff, just an attempt to make the story more serious. Halo 4 has immensely better graphics and if you like thick plot and story and a solid multi-player then that's your game (co-op is completed in less than a few days so not worth it for just that). Reach was the pinnacle of Bungie's evolution of the game, a must-have for any Halo fan. I personally don't consider Halo 4 even part of the franchise, more of a spinoff because it's SO different.



    Depends on the kind of fun you want. Bungie did Reach so there is a lot of fun to be had where the characters are actually funny and the playability is great. Halo 4 (not Bungie) takes itself far more seriously little to no ""fun"" stuff, just an attempt to make the story more serious. Halo 4 has immensely better graphics and if you like thick plot and story and a solid multi-player then that's your game (co-op is completed in less than a few days so not worth it for just that). Reach was the pinnacle of Bungie's evolution of the game, a must-have for any Halo fan. I personally...
      » 
Read More


   Depends on the kind of fun you want. Bungie did Reach so there is a lot of fun to be had where the characters are actually funny and the playability is great. Halo 4 (not Bungie) takes itself far more seriously little to no ""fun"" stuff, just an attempt to make the story more serious. Halo 4 has immensely better graphics and if you like thick plot and story and a solid multi-player then that's your game (co-op is completed in less than a few days so not worth it for just that). Reach was the pinnacle of Bungie's evolution of the game, a must-have for any Halo fan. I personally don't consider Halo 4 even part of the franchise, more of a spinoff because it's SO different.
      « 

Show Less"
Reach does not have John in it.  It is a team of Spartan IIIs.  You will be Noble 6.  Fighting the covenant attacking Reach.  The play is the same in that you kill as many covenant as possible while achieving your team's mission.  I liked it better than Halo 4 because I enjoyed playing as part of a team of spartans. Not to say I did not like Halo 4.  Also, you get to choose what your armor looks like.  Hope this helps.
Yes
No you cant
Yes I bought it for my 7 yr old nephew.  He loves it
It has an application available for download called swapnote.It is similiat but I'm not sure if it will communicate with older devices.
No, it's a 3DS not a NDS and only the latter one can play Pokemon yellow :(
Yes,  it can connect to a wireless internet access. to play games, watch movies, etc.
The one I bought was American.
Xbox 360 games are not region free. There should be a PAL version available. However the online servers are no longer online, you can still play the offline single player.
Im pretty sure that you could.
Not 100% sure but I don't think so
I can't answer that because I did not buy the first one for my daughter but all I know is she plays it all of the time and I do mean ALL. She loves it. You can't go wrong.
It's got everything u need
No,  that's for the xbox360 n ps3, black Ops 1 & 2
No standard vita with the game
Not really, it has some miliraries, and also eauropean
No, I tried it and it didn't work
No it's not mechanical, just a regular gaming keyboard but ive used it for almost 2 years and its still going strong for me in ways similar to that of a mechanical keyboard
It depends if you get it used or new. Most of the time when you get it used, it could come repackaged and the installation CD is no where to be found. Thankfully you can easily download the Logitech Gaming Software from their website.
The volume control calls the system volume of the default output, not the active application.
It's at least 4. 5 may be pushing the limits.
Yes.
Yes it is. What isn't made in China lol.
You have to go to the manufacturer's website, and download a patch.  Mine worked fine after that.
I haven't tried it yet. I just got it...by the end of the day I can let you know :)
I'm not sure, but I'm doubtful of Android compatibility. While the 3GC is a good Direct Input (D Input; Logitech and most generic) gamepad, it doesn't feature Xinput (360) compatibility either.
There's a driver available on the website here:  http://steelseries.com/us/support/downloads
idk
Yes, unless it is a xl 3DS
fits real tight. I returned it
No
No, it does not.
Yes
No it will not.
"Actually it can. It installed easily and quickly without any issues. I've played this game on my iPad and the only difference with an 8.1 touch laptop (Acer S7) was that when you ""plant"" a plant you have to quickly double tap it to get it to stick in place. That's not an issue if you're attentive. Other than that, good to go and IMHO better than buying a download with many of the intrusive issues that seem to go with that. Enjoy, a great game for all ages."
It installs completely, then you can put the CD away and not use it while you play.
Yes, it does.
It comes as a cd. You download the game on your computer (PC or mac) and play! Plus you can put it on mulitple computers.
yes I think its abetter game for  alarge screen I phone
"There should be a read.me file on the disc.  ""Also look under options.  This is a very intuitive game.  You have to have patience with the putting.  Difficult to learn the pace of the putts."
No it is not based on my findings
I bought this game when it first came out.  I've run it with an AMD card installed and on a computer with GEForce GTX 780 Video card, Win 7 Professional, 64 bit processor, and have never had a problem with the game crashing.R
I did a little research and as far as I can tell the pc version does. It also looks like you may be able to use unsupported steering wheels with some tweaking, but I haven't tried that, so I can't guarantee that it would work. Hope this helps.
i´m not sure if this game support any racing wheels because if not a driving simulator man, i play this game with pad controller and respond very good... greetings.
Yup. Sure is.
Of course,,,it has a campaign and split screen so two people can race
Yes you can watch dvd movies.   Not Blue-ray though.
Yes, you can buy an internal hard drive and install to the console, also works with some external hard drives.
Do you mean the Kinect sensor? If so, then yes.  The Kinect is only required for Kinect games.
I ordered my 9yr old son this for Christmas, and it came in the original box.
This is the latest model of XBOX 360, other than the XBOX ONE, The size of the unit is about the same size a a Direct TV cable box.
yes.
Can't help. the label that has the key is so faint it is blank. The whole thing is useless!!
I have planned the game on both Windows 7 and Windows 8 and the game works fine on both.
The game is really set up to be played solo so absolutely. It's a great game and I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
My son only has the Gold Edition and plays it just fine.
yes
Sorry I don't no but it works on his Ds
thank you for the good A+A+
Its a campaign, and then there's a killhouse. Yes with bots.
Yes
im sorry, this product only works for the ps1
Yes it does. Simply plug and play
Yes. It came in the original Microsoft box and everything.
The controller comes with a USB adapter, so you do not need anything for PC use! I also use it for PC games only.
Just plug and play.
Yes.
Yes it is. It works perfectly on Xbox 360 and on PC
Yes it does.
Sure does
No, this is a stand alone PC version; Naturally you'll have to download into ur computer via the enclosed disk, but once downloaded you play the game like all PC games.  You do have the capability of logging into the website where ur profile is saved but that is entirely optional.
yes it will play
It works flawlessly, not considering some bugs in game itself.If dx9 problem occurs, refer to http://steamcommunity.com/app/47810/discussions/0/558751812749741621/I didn't have such problem but some does.Enjoy!
Im not sure, Ive got a 64bit computer running a windows 7 32bit ultimate, I didnt like the 64bit ver it had too many hick-ups
no, is not a multiplayer game.
I don't have a real mouse but the one on my lap top you should be able to use a real one tho the game is for pc. Also once you get the game read the manual it will show you game controls if you don't like some of them you can pause (spacebar) and go to settings to change game controls.
I know it plays on my laptop, a little laggy. The new game dragon age inquisition does not play on it. Have to hold on to it until I get a new laptop. :(
yes, it runs on windows 7
It's an expansion pack of the base game. It needs the base game in order to work.
go under your orders click on return or replace items.  click return times and a list of the things you bought recently will come up. select the item you need to return or replace and a manger will walk you through the steps.
You can install it on both
It's an expansion pack for the PC.
Yes
Yes, all Sims 3 games (Base game, Expansion Packs, Stuff Packs) Will work on Windows XP Service Pack 3, Windows Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 8.
no its just an RPG. But if you're interested in an online RPG there's Elder Scrolls online. You should check it out.
The whole game seems a bit slow to me, and I am an older person. In fact at one point my character was hardly moving and got killed by a bunch of villagers with pitchforks. I have not played it since.
I've never had a single issue with the game. This is with months and months of nonstop playing. Nothing to worry aboot.
I bought the game about six months after it was released, and there was a large patch available as soon as I installed it.  I would imagine that several years later, that's still true and probably a lot more to download.
I haven't had any bugs with it and I bought it recently.
It is both. You can change perspective from your characters eyes, to floating behind and above your character.
The more Dorito dust you cake onto this thing, especially around the analog sticks, the better you will become at Call of Duty. Also you should rinse it off with room temperature, flat Mountain Dew, but only the Gamer Fuel variety.
I do not believe so, unless the game has controller support, the analog sticks do not take the place or act as a mouse in any situation.  This could vary widely on the game, but in most cases this answer will be no.
8 feet long.
"It does NOT work or work well with DirectInput (older, legacy, pre-2006) games, only works with XInput games.Before 2006, all PC games used DirectInput API standard for game controllers. Then in 2005, Microsoft implemented the XInput API for Xbox 360, and Windows had to follow and adopted the new Xbox 360 standard. However, the transition process for Windows has been long and gradual: some Windows games from 2013 still used DirectInput, (e.g., BioShock Infinite.) The Xbox 360 controllers do NOT have built-in functionality to work with games that use DirectInput. Sometimes the controllers may work but poorly: the controls are erratic, only partially functional, and/or either too sensitive or insensitive.I found out about the DirectInput vs. XInput problem only after I had tried to use an Xbox 360 Controller to play BioWare's Jade Empire: Special Edition, which was released in 2007 on the PC. Jade Empire used DirectInput. The controller worked only partially: the left joystick (that controls movement) was moving by itself so my game character could not stand still; the right joystick (that controls camera view) and D-pad (for abilities) were non-functional. I went online to look for solutions, and learned about the different DirectInput and XInput API standards. That was when I found a long list of PC games, mostly older titles, that do NOT work or work well with the Xbox 360 controller. The solutions I found were either very technical and difficult to implement, and/or was an additional cost, (e.g., buying a gamepad emulation or profiler app, which usually costs around $10; none of the free ones work well -- I tried;) and/or was inconvenient to use, (e.g., every time I reloaded Jade Empire, I had to unplug and replug in the controller connection for a gamepad profiler to continue to work.) They are just hassles.The problem with Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller for Windows, which none of the other reviewers/fanboys has even bothered to mention, is that it does NOT have a built-in function to work with DirectInput. It may work, but it certainly does not work well or perfectly. The Logitech F310, for example, has a physical switch behind between ""D"" (DirectInput) and ""X"" (XInput) methods. The switch should stay on ""X"" most of the time. However, if you ever run into a DirectInput game, you just switch over to ""D"". The Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller does NOT have that switch. Microsoft wants developers and users to conform: everyone should stop using DirectInput and adopt XInput, so Microsoft would tell you to ""just don't play that game"" instead of giving users a real solution. (That's that answer other people got when they called Microsoft to try to get a solution for the DirectInput problem.)If you know you will definitely NEVER touch an old, pre-2006 game that works better with a gamepad or run into one of the odd new games that still uses the old API standard, then this controller may work for you. However, if you do run into a game that uses DirectInput, it will be a lot of frustration and hassle.



    It does NOT work or work well with DirectInput (older, legacy, pre-2006) games, only works with XInput games.Before 2006, all PC games used DirectInput API standard for game controllers. Then in 2005, Microsoft implemented the XInput API for Xbox 360, and Windows had to follow and adopted the new Xbox 360 standard. However, the transition process for Windows has been long and gradual: some Windows games from 2013 still used DirectInput, (e.g., BioShock Infinite.) The Xbox 360 controllers do NOT have built-in functionality to work with games that use DirectInput. Sometimes the...
      » 
Read More


   It does NOT work or work well with DirectInput (older, legacy, pre-2006) games, only works with XInput games.Before 2006, all PC games used DirectInput API standard for game controllers. Then in 2005, Microsoft implemented the XInput API for Xbox 360, and Windows had to follow and adopted the new Xbox 360 standard. However, the transition process for Windows has been long and gradual: some Windows games from 2013 still used DirectInput, (e.g., BioShock Infinite.) The Xbox 360 controllers do NOT have built-in functionality to work with games that use DirectInput. Sometimes the controllers may work but poorly: the controls are erratic, only partially functional, and/or either too sensitive or insensitive.I found out about the DirectInput vs. XInput problem only after I had tried to use an Xbox 360 Controller to play BioWare's Jade Empire: Special Edition, which was released in 2007 on the PC. Jade Empire used DirectInput. The controller worked only partially: the left joystick (that controls movement) was moving by itself so my game character could not stand still; the right joystick (that controls camera view) and D-pad (for abilities) were non-functional. I went online to look for solutions, and learned about the different DirectInput and XInput API standards. That was when I found a long list of PC games, mostly older titles, that do NOT work or work well with the Xbox 360 controller. The solutions I found were either very technical and difficult to implement, and/or was an additional cost, (e.g., buying a gamepad emulation or profiler app, which usually costs around $10; none of the free ones work well -- I tried;) and/or was inconvenient to use, (e.g., every time I reloaded Jade Empire, I had to unplug and replug in the controller connection for a gamepad profiler to continue to work.) They are just hassles.The problem with Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller for Windows, which none of the other reviewers/fanboys has even bothered to mention, is that it does NOT have a built-in function to work with DirectInput. It may work, but it certainly does not work well or perfectly. The Logitech F310, for example, has a physical switch behind between ""D"" (DirectInput) and ""X"" (XInput) methods. The switch should stay on ""X"" most of the time. However, if you ever run into a DirectInput game, you just switch over to ""D"". The Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller does NOT have that switch. Microsoft wants developers and users to conform: everyone should stop using DirectInput and adopt XInput, so Microsoft would tell you to ""just don't play that game"" instead of giving users a real solution. (That's that answer other people got when they called Microsoft to try to get a solution for the DirectInput problem.)If you know you will definitely NEVER touch an old, pre-2006 game that works better with a gamepad or run into one of the odd new games that still uses the old API standard, then this controller may work for you. However, if you do run into a game that uses DirectInput, it will be a lot of frustration and hassle.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes actually. My friend had his xbox 360 and one controller and I put in mine and worked perfectly.
No, drivers were instantly downloaded when I plugged the device in, and once automatically configured, the device worked perfectly with all programs.
Better question: why would anyone be foolish enough to buy an overpriced Mac, especially if they want to use it for gaming? Macs are complete trash.
Worked fine with Windows 8 & 8.1. Didn't ask for any drivers
"No, the PC version of Minecraft does NOT support controllers like this, however there are mods available that add support. Do a Google search with the following terms to quickly find info ""Xbox Controller PC site:minecraftforum.net"" That is the official Minecraft forum, so it is trustworthy and heavily patrolled for malicious content. Be sure to read some of the comments before downloading something, though, just to be safe."
I use is for all my games from the original nintendo to playstation 2 and I think it is great
Just the 3DS, not the 3DSXL.
It comes with the base and battery.
The base is just a convenience, it can charge through the normal charging port still. I have this and have very much enjoyed it, the only thing that is not perfect about this is that the 3DS says it has a low battery after the same amount of time as the normal battery would have. So it will say it has low battery, but still has around 60-70% left
No it's not the same arrangement as the 3DS so it won't fit
I highly doubt it. The size of the battery isn't the same, therefore it won't fit properly.
You can play with the 3DS while charging. (For me, the only way to charge it at all is to leave it powered on.) I've done it a couple times. However, it would be a little weird if you're holding it because you would have to make sure that it stays charging and you don't move it a certain way to stop it from charging. It is possible to charge it, but for me it is a little weird when holding. However, instead of holding it, you could also leave it laying flat on the table, desk, where ever you placed it to charge. But yes, it is possible to play it while charging.
yup, it comes with both
I think it can't played on PS4.Actually I don't like the AC3
The one l bought came in a Clear Case not that Greatest Hits.
Mine came in the actual box.
Yes
Unfortunately, it doesn't...just English as default language.
As they are two different model numbers, I doubt it
Yes. very good quality sound
It does not interfere with wifi, wifi interferes withe the rf signal from the box to the headset.
sort of i guess, depends on what you are using it for. It has the ability to take 2 different sound sources. One from the wireless adapter it comes with and then it can also connect via bluetooth or the small 2.5mm jack used by xbox controllers. Though honestly i would avoid this as mine has broken so many time from just wearing them, the bluetooth has always sounded like crap (the one you use for its mic and voice chat) and always had the main sound cutting in and out while right next to the base station.
It come wit everything. It is good for the price (:
I haven't tried...but if your PC has the correct audible out jack it should, no problem.
Yes. Any 3DS game is playable on the 2DS. You simply don't get the 3D option during some of gameplay.
Its been awhile but I do remember that Korean, German, Japanese, and other languages were included in the game. If those languages are included, then I'm pretty sure Spanish would be one too.
The difference between x and y are the pokemon available. There are a few pokemon that are specific to x or y (like larvitar in y and aron in x for example). Additionally, in x the legendary you get is Xerneas and you get yveltal in y. There are also two different mega evolutions of charizard depending on which game you have. Visit serebii.net and check out the x and y pokedex to see which pokemon are available in each game.
you would have to verify on the game page itself, amazon carries mostly english versions, but sometimes there's a few PAL and JAP versions, you would need to make sure the one you are ordering is PAL.
Pokemon Y is only 3DS this game does not work on DS OR DSi.
Totally yes. The game is very fast paced and easy to learn, you will have zero issues even if you haven't played any of the games released before.
you should cancel your order, this only works with a 3DS. But if you buy a 3DS, your son can play either DS and 3DS games, hope this helps you.
Yes, d's or dsi
if u know someone that has one they can copy it for you other than that not really sure,the batarang was limited at the time it came out, I had trouble finding parts for it, so I purchased another one. the first one sits on a shelf , n I use the 2nd one to play games.
I ordered this controller twice and neither worked without being plugged in.  They're mostly defective and I suggest you submit a return.
Truthfully this software is so user unfriendly for me that I never did get the hang of it. I bought it to improve my chess game. Spent so much time trying to learn the software there was no time for chess. If you are not a geek you might want to try something else.
Yes, it works just fine on Windows 8.
It is a similar difference between buying the home version of software and buying the full-blown professional version possessing greater functionality.
I don't know, I have windows 7.
Yes - I'm running it with 64 bit Windows 7 Professional
The program I bought does not include the Deep Fritz multiprocessor engine.  I wish I knew where the best place to buy Deep Fritz would be (price-wise, I mean).  You could try a site specifically dedicated to this brand of chess programs.  If such a site doesn't exist, you could try any number of stores such as Chess House, TheChessStore, etc.  I hope this has been helpful to you.  Take care.--Mark
only windows,   using windows running software on the mac might work.
Snippets. The company that produces Fritz has full instructional videos for download or DVD, but you need to pay for them.
Yes and you can change the color of the light in the settings.
It does work on a Mac, but you cannot program it (i.e. change the colors etc).  All the buttons work when booted into the Mac in their default states (thumb buttons are the number keys, right/left/center/scroll).  You can change the main mouse buttons using the Mac Mouse Preferences.  The colored light remains the last color it was set to on Windows.  I use it on my Mac all the time.
Call razor you may be able to get a replacement
Honestly I don;t 100% remember since that was some time ago. If I am not mistaken, you had to sign up on the Razer site and then you would get a code.
Any update?
yes it does
if it has a 5 inch oled screen then it should
Like a glove
"Please note the following from the Turtlebeach Support website: ""The... XP400, PX5, XP500, Tango, X-Ray, Delta, and Phantom headsets were designed for use with PS3 and Xbox 360 game consoles. It is only possible to use these headsets on a PC or Mac if you have the correct configuration and hardware. We recommend using one of our many PC compatible models instead, such as the PX3 or Z300.""  I do not have the Bluetooth setup to use on my PC, so half of the function of the headphones is lost to me unless I spend extra money and time figuring it out.   IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS FOR PC, GET SOMETHING ELSE FROM TURTLEBEACH.



    Please note the following from the Turtlebeach Support website: ""The... XP400, PX5, XP500, Tango, X-Ray, Delta, and Phantom headsets were designed for use with PS3 and Xbox 360 game consoles. It is only possible to use these headsets on a PC or Mac if you have the correct configuration and hardware. We recommend using one of our many PC compatible models instead, such as the PX3 or Z300."" I do not have the Bluetooth setup to use on my PC, so half of the function of the headphones is lost to me unless I spend extra money and time figuring it out. IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS FOR PC, GET...
      » 
Read More


   Please note the following from the Turtlebeach Support website: ""The... XP400, PX5, XP500, Tango, X-Ray, Delta, and Phantom headsets were designed for use with PS3 and Xbox 360 game consoles. It is only possible to use these headsets on a PC or Mac if you have the correct configuration and hardware. We recommend using one of our many PC compatible models instead, such as the PX3 or Z300.""  I do not have the Bluetooth setup to use on my PC, so half of the function of the headphones is lost to me unless I spend extra money and time figuring it out.   IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS FOR PC, GET SOMETHING ELSE FROM TURTLEBEACH.
      « 

Show Less"
"I have no tangible proof I.e. nevere tried nor will I (PS4 kinda guy(;) however I will say I dont see why they wouldn't.   So long as the XBOX 1 has all of the proper ports for the wirless reciever ( optical digital ""out"" port) plus (2)HDMI ports,  to power and charge the head set and wireless reciever.  If it all works out I will confirm they are a great headset.  I highly recommend."
Yes you can, it's great so you don't scream every time you speak. Also you can adjust the volume in which you can hear your self.
Yes. The transmitter does have a 3.5mm port to allow it to connect to any portable device or T.V.
I'm not sure how much power it draws, but I do know that drivers may be an issue as these will not work with Linux without a fair bit of work.  So the TV may not transmit poperly.  if my TV has a USB input I may try it out and let you know.
No it cannot. The bluetooth is use for chatting or speaking with the Mic wirelessly. If you want the smarthphone to sync with music then the XP510 is capable everything
You can't. As soon as it detects audio from the analog in, it goes to that one instead.
"The headset and transmitting piece it comes with has many options. It comes with an optical cord which is the main audio output of most modern gaming systems (hence why it's made for Xbox as both the 360 and One use this output). The transmitter also has an option auxiliary input so you can use the headset for computers or even phones. The headset does not come with this cord but these types of cords aren't hard to find. As for the headset, it has Bluetooth and a 3mm output that can only be used for controllers or chat adapters. There is no main input on the headset as the transmitter handles this.



    The headset and transmitting piece it comes with has many options. It comes with an optical cord which is the main audio output of most modern gaming systems (hence why it's made for Xbox as both the 360 and One use this output). The transmitter also has an option auxiliary input so you can use the headset for computers or even phones. The headset does not come with this cord but these types of cords aren't hard to find. As for the headset, it has Bluetooth and a 3mm output that can only be used for controllers or chat adapters. There is no main input on the headset as the transmitter...
      » 
Read More


   The headset and transmitting piece it comes with has many options. It comes with an optical cord which is the main audio output of most modern gaming systems (hence why it's made for Xbox as both the 360 and One use this output). The transmitter also has an option auxiliary input so you can use the headset for computers or even phones. The headset does not come with this cord but these types of cords aren't hard to find. As for the headset, it has Bluetooth and a 3mm output that can only be used for controllers or chat adapters. There is no main input on the headset as the transmitter handles this.
      « 

Show Less"
Yup. I do. The only trick with these headphones is you have to buy the cable and special adapter for the X-Box One for chat to work with the X-Box One.
"It is officially locked to AT&T.; As is usually the case, there are ways around this though they won't be officially supported by Sony should you have any issues with connectivity. Workarounds for using a different carrier are available, though you may encounter some issues from time to time. These may be negligible and easy to resolve provided you can find the appropriate resources to do so. In my experience, it's not difficult, just more time consuming that simply going through the intended carrier. I tend to take the path of least resistance. AT&T; does however provide non-contract data plan for use with PS Vita, just as they do with other devices such as Apple iPad. On a side note, Tracfone is owned by América Móvil out of Mexico, and in the US they piggy-back on to the AT&T; network, as well as a couple of other carrier networks. It's pretty common, especially with the smaller regional carriers. AT&T; is a publicly traded company wholly unto itself. It does hold some subsidiary companies though. It's symbol is T on the NYSE if you have any interest in investing or learning more about the company profile.



    It is officially locked to AT&T.; As is usually the case, there are ways around this though they won't be officially supported by Sony should you have any issues with connectivity. Workarounds for using a different carrier are available, though you may encounter some issues from time to time. These may be negligible and easy to resolve provided you can find the appropriate resources to do so. In my experience, it's not difficult, just more time consuming that simply going through the intended carrier. I tend to take the path of least resistance. AT&T; does however provide...
      » 
Read More


   It is officially locked to AT&T.; As is usually the case, there are ways around this though they won't be officially supported by Sony should you have any issues with connectivity. Workarounds for using a different carrier are available, though you may encounter some issues from time to time. These may be negligible and easy to resolve provided you can find the appropriate resources to do so. In my experience, it's not difficult, just more time consuming that simply going through the intended carrier. I tend to take the path of least resistance. AT&T; does however provide non-contract data plan for use with PS Vita, just as they do with other devices such as Apple iPad. On a side note, Tracfone is owned by América Móvil out of Mexico, and in the US they piggy-back on to the AT&T; network, as well as a couple of other carrier networks. It's pretty common, especially with the smaller regional carriers. AT&T; is a publicly traded company wholly unto itself. It does hold some subsidiary companies though. It's symbol is T on the NYSE if you have any interest in investing or learning more about the company profile.
      « 

Show Less"
The vita, a 4 gb Sim card, USB cable, ac adapter, ac power cord, printed materials.
Yes you can use it with regular wifi, I use it every day without any 3g chip in it.
"According to mine and the website, ""The PS Vita 3G/Wi-Fi System, powered by AT&T; Mobile Broadband Network, changes the way you play with real-time scores and game ranking news feeds and cross-game text messaging with Party. Game at the speed of your mobile life style.""There are multiple plans, but they all appear to be AT&T.; Personally, I would just get broadband and then a Router, that's what I did. The plans seem expensive, considering you will be on Wi-Fi on almost all the time while it's turned on. Alternatively, just take it online at an Internet Cafe or a McDonald's, etc.



    According to mine and the website, ""The PS Vita 3G/Wi-Fi System, powered by AT&T; Mobile Broadband Network, changes the way you play with real-time scores and game ranking news feeds and cross-game text messaging with Party. Game at the speed of your mobile life style.""There are multiple plans, but they all appear to be AT&T.; Personally, I would just get broadband and then a Router, that's what I did. The plans seem expensive, considering you will be on Wi-Fi on almost all the time while it's turned on. Alternatively, just take it online at an Internet Cafe or a...
      » 
Read More


   According to mine and the website, ""The PS Vita 3G/Wi-Fi System, powered by AT&T; Mobile Broadband Network, changes the way you play with real-time scores and game ranking news feeds and cross-game text messaging with Party. Game at the speed of your mobile life style.""There are multiple plans, but they all appear to be AT&T.; Personally, I would just get broadband and then a Router, that's what I did. The plans seem expensive, considering you will be on Wi-Fi on almost all the time while it's turned on. Alternatively, just take it online at an Internet Cafe or a McDonald's, etc.
      « 

Show Less"
Depends on if you have the Wi-Fi on or off, if you have it on it's going to drain the battery. Say 3 hours or so? Without it 4 hours, but I believe you can shut off the system without powering it off completely to conserve power.
I don't believe it is locked. My Vita when I bought it from here came with a sim card for at&t; so I'm guessing that you could just put another in because Sony says it's not locked to any specific carrier.
If you have 3G on your psvita, then yes. .
No
The Vita with 3G had the ability to go online anywhere you want but you have to purchase a plan from AT&T.;
Nope, just the one ball controller.
Yes.  It plugs directly into the PS3.
I'm guessing but I assume it means buying in bulk.  Large quantities of an item.
I have not done the test, I have not a ps4
Yes, I bought it on Amazon and they sent me the game but I had to use Steam to play.  Steam is ok except it can be a pain in the butt to log on with their password system.  The game is very good.  I think if you buy the game and not the download you should not have to fool with 3rd party sites to play the game.
If your machine is less then three years old and you have a Windows install to boot, you can.
Yes
NO IDEA!
yes plus they auto update each time you start the game
"CPU:	Intel Core 2 Duo at 2Ghz, or AMD Athlon 64 x2 2Ghz, or betterCPU Speed:	InfoRAM:	2 GBOS:	Windows XP, Vista or Windows 7, with the latest Service PackVideo Card:	NVidia 8800GT with 512Mb RAM or betterSound Card:	YesFree Disk Space:	9 GBHowever, I have a very powerful system and the game has crashed 1/3rd of the way in.  It also happened on a previous computer with a different company video card (nVidia vs. AMD)I gave up on it a long time ago, hopefully they have a patch or something."
You will receive the actual mouse, the Driver Update means for people who have bought it there is an addition driver update from the one on the disk, on there website. You will receive the mouse, a cd, and a manual. You can then go to there website to download the updated drivers.
By tilt, you mean two additional click types by moving the mouse wheel to the left or right?  No, The mousewheel doesn't have that functionality. Just center click, and the scroll.
"Well, I've found that the mouse is very good, especially for the money.  I've never owned a Razer mouse, just one of their mechanical keyboards.... which quickly fell apart due to really bad construction.  But I will let you know that Razer does seem to overcharge for inferior products.  What's more, their customer service is terrible.  I can't stress how bad their customer service is. The one time I had a problem with the Perixx mouse was due to a bad update from microsoft windows.  Perixx was VERY helpful.  Nothing like Razer.  They tried to look into the problem, and even sent me a free mousepad for my trouble.  A few days later Microsoft sent out another update rectifying the problem they caused.  It was some software that was causing a conflict with the Wacom tablet, and the Perixx mouse software.  But it was eventually fixed.I have not had a single problem with this mouse since.  Not one.  In fact, I'm using it right now.For 29 dollars, you really can't go wrong.  Yeah... it's not as flashy as the razer, but you're more concerned about comfort, speed, and a product that actually won't fall part in your hands... right?  Go for it.



    Well, I've found that the mouse is very good, especially for the money. I've never owned a Razer mouse, just one of their mechanical keyboards.... which quickly fell apart due to really bad construction. But I will let you know that Razer does seem to overcharge for inferior products. What's more, their customer service is terrible. I can't stress how bad their customer service is. The one time I had a problem with the Perixx mouse was due to a bad update from microsoft windows. Perixx was VERY helpful. Nothing like Razer. They tried to look into the problem, and even sent me a...
      » 
Read More


   Well, I've found that the mouse is very good, especially for the money.  I've never owned a Razer mouse, just one of their mechanical keyboards.... which quickly fell apart due to really bad construction.  But I will let you know that Razer does seem to overcharge for inferior products.  What's more, their customer service is terrible.  I can't stress how bad their customer service is. The one time I had a problem with the Perixx mouse was due to a bad update from microsoft windows.  Perixx was VERY helpful.  Nothing like Razer.  They tried to look into the problem, and even sent me a free mousepad for my trouble.  A few days later Microsoft sent out another update rectifying the problem they caused.  It was some software that was causing a conflict with the Wacom tablet, and the Perixx mouse software.  But it was eventually fixed.I have not had a single problem with this mouse since.  Not one.  In fact, I'm using it right now.For 29 dollars, you really can't go wrong.  Yeah... it's not as flashy as the razer, but you're more concerned about comfort, speed, and a product that actually won't fall part in your hands... right?  Go for it.
      « 

Show Less"
"I bought one for a mac, and it seemed to work fine when I was just using regular applications (the DPI settings are changeable as they are built into the mouse) and I got all of the non-primary buttons to work using USBOverdrive (you can assign any button to do anything).  Now if you are actually gonna use it for games on your mac, don't get it.  Whenever I started a game (any game with the exception of Minecraft) with the mouse plugged in, my mac froze unless I was in bootcamp (windows 7).  I had to send it back, and the Perixx customer support said they will be releasing drivers for OSX soon and to rebuy it when that happens.



    I bought one for a mac, and it seemed to work fine when I was just using regular applications (the DPI settings are changeable as they are built into the mouse) and I got all of the non-primary buttons to work using USBOverdrive (you can assign any button to do anything). Now if you are actually gonna use it for games on your mac, don't get it. Whenever I started a game (any game with the exception of Minecraft) with the mouse plugged in, my mac froze unless I was in bootcamp (windows 7). I had to send it back, and the Perixx customer support said they will be releasing drivers for OSX soon...
      » 
Read More


   I bought one for a mac, and it seemed to work fine when I was just using regular applications (the DPI settings are changeable as they are built into the mouse) and I got all of the non-primary buttons to work using USBOverdrive (you can assign any button to do anything).  Now if you are actually gonna use it for games on your mac, don't get it.  Whenever I started a game (any game with the exception of Minecraft) with the mouse plugged in, my mac froze unless I was in bootcamp (windows 7).  I had to send it back, and the Perixx customer support said they will be releasing drivers for OSX soon and to rebuy it when that happens.
      « 

Show Less"
"No, not to my knowledge. I purchased this mouse on behalf of a friend. I also researched youtube.com for reviews. My current mouse is ""Logitech Wireless Performance Mouse MX"". it has free-scrolling."
Net weight 5.00 oz. with weight it is 6.03 oz
Yes, it should work fine. You can also download the software from the manufacturers website.
Yes, just behind the scroll wheel is a spring slider for you to turn up or down the DPI. I personally leave the DPI alone at about half of its max. You can also configure the buttons to have a sniper zoom function like for world of tanks I have the left thumb button set up for me to quickly toggle into and out of sniper mode.The buttons can also be changed to have a simple toggle set to change between 2 DPI settings if the DPI button is insufficient.
My Alienware has a cd drive but the mouse comes with one of those little cds...I went to google and searched for Perixx MX-2000IIB software and found it and downloaded it and it works perfect.
USB CABLE
It's not a model plane... it's a plane unlock in the game.  Don't waste your money on this game... it's really not that good.  The stick is not too bad yet not the best I've used.  If you find really cheap then might be worth it.
The buttons will work as a controller, but you may have to reconfigure other games button assignments if they do not match Damage Inc.
No, it has a wire. It's long about 8-15 feet though.
Yes it can.
No
From what I remember its only green.
i think is the best mouse on the world
Yes they can! All four buttons on both sidesign can be individually reprogrammed to an extent. But in my case, many of the button are not fully reliable. I find myself not clicking as forcefully as I should, thus resulting in the key not registering the action. So no half assed cliclicking!
only one optic lazer
i don't use a claw grip and i feel fine with it. I have the Bf4 version of this, so the top is sort of slippery, but the regular taipan has rubber over the center so it clings well to your hand.
It's a very flat mouse. Low profile and long.
No
If you buy the game new, the voucher is still good until 2016. However, if you buy it used, the voucher may not be included or already used so it can't be used again.
Yeah but it's free so don't worry about it
No, none of the God of war titles in this collection are multiplayer only God of war ascension.
English
Hi Alfonso, God of War I & II are Disc One, God of War III is Disc Two. God of War Collection (Chain of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta) are downloadable items.
They're good for ps3 as well.
Maybe try again and check your spelling... All of mine worked
No you'll have to you psn for chains of Olympus and ghost of apart but be carful those two games are like dlc full games but some cases they have already been used so basically you might only get 3 games GOD 1,2,3
No
yes you can
It is my understanding that they offer only a single or three-user license. They are very helpful, go on-line and  get their contact telephone number for sales they can give you the details
Only if you want to upgrade to unlimited employees.  The Enhanced will only allow you to pay up to three employees. If you process more than three you will be charged by Quickbooks per employee.
"Yes. Here is the official Intuit position on this:""With a single-user license, you can install QuickBooks on 1 computer and on 1 additional portable computer (e.g., a laptop that you own and use in your business) as long as both devices are used by the same person. ONLY that specified person can access and use QuickBooks on both computers.""My note: the second computer does NOT need to be a laptop or portable, but the rest of the conditions apply. Let me know if you need more info."
"Extra $100 for 4+ employees. I just called. It's a bit of a hassle if you already have a payroll subscription, like I do. First you have to cxl your current subscription, then install the payroll disc and then call and they charge you the full whack ($429) for enhanced payroll, then credit back the value they assign to the enhanced payroll of 3 or fewer employees ($329). SO, if you get the enhanced payroll for less than $329 off the shelf (i.e. Costco or Amazon), then you decide if it's worth the hassle.  From everything I've read, the 2013 QB Pro is not something to be super excited about, and may even boggle your brain due to poorer visual interface, new report menu format, etc. I'm thinking about getting the Value pack and if I can do the payroll only, and without simultaneously upgrading the QB Pro, then that's what I'll do for now.



    Extra $100 for 4+ employees. I just called. It's a bit of a hassle if you already have a payroll subscription, like I do. First you have to cxl your current subscription, then install the payroll disc and then call and they charge you the full whack ($429) for enhanced payroll, then credit back the value they assign to the enhanced payroll of 3 or fewer employees ($329). SO, if you get the enhanced payroll for less than $329 off the shelf (i.e. Costco or Amazon), then you decide if it's worth the hassle. From everything I've read, the 2013 QB Pro is not something to be super excited about,...
      » 
Read More


   Extra $100 for 4+ employees. I just called. It's a bit of a hassle if you already have a payroll subscription, like I do. First you have to cxl your current subscription, then install the payroll disc and then call and they charge you the full whack ($429) for enhanced payroll, then credit back the value they assign to the enhanced payroll of 3 or fewer employees ($329). SO, if you get the enhanced payroll for less than $329 off the shelf (i.e. Costco or Amazon), then you decide if it's worth the hassle.  From everything I've read, the 2013 QB Pro is not something to be super excited about, and may even boggle your brain due to poorer visual interface, new report menu format, etc. I'm thinking about getting the Value pack and if I can do the payroll only, and without simultaneously upgrading the QB Pro, then that's what I'll do for now.
      « 

Show Less"
I believe you will have to backup QB to zip drive at the office and bring the zip drive home to update QB there.
I don't think you will able to do that, you might call quickbooks.
The answer is on your payroll key. It  says unlimited or 0-3 employees
Yes. They even have presets on Synapse 2.0 for this.
It is always green but you can change the brightness.
This one for sale is NOT the stealth addition, however this being the 2013 still has the matte finish.  The one from 2012 is glossy with blue lights, the 2013 is matte with green lights.  Source: viewed in person at store
Yes, you can use this with windows 8.
Yes, the Ultimate uses Cherry MX Blue key switches. The Stealth - which is quieter - uses Cherry MX Brown.
Yes. The space bar, backspace, enter, any key that isn't the size of a letter key will sound different because they use a leveling bar. Still a MX blue underneath, but the leveling bar make a different sound
Looks like the ultimate doesn't have lit keys
"I bought it a while ago and from this one I got the mx blues. I do not know if it has changed but the ones I am using from when I got this from a few months ago is mx blues. ""Razer Black widow Ultimate 2013 Elite Mechanical Gaming Keyboard"" is what is says under product description. I am going to say they are MX blues but not 100% sure. 2013 are mx blues anyways. Hope this has helped you."
Yes it does ive had a problem with it but amazon fixed it right away everything is perfectly fine now.
We actually purchased 2 for Christmas gifts for our grandsons. One was almost eight years old.  The other was three and a half.  Both do fine with it.  We make sure we purchase age appropriate games.
Yes it come with stylus and charger.
Yes it does works great
Most Nintendo DS games are region-free and will also play on any type of DS system from any region. DSi-enhanced games, however, won't play on a different region's DSi or 3DS. Except for the four below, DSi-enhanced games can play on any region's original DS or DS Lite, though without the DSi-enhanced features. DSi-Only Games (won't play on original DS or DS Lite, and won't play on a different region's DSi or 3DS) *Face Training *Foto Showdown *Picture Perfect Hair Salon *System: Flaw
Nop...
If you are asking about the number of games there is a lot if you want to use the old DSI games they can be played on the 3d DSI but 3d games can not be played on the DSI. Our family has both. We have 3 my grandson and I have the old DSI but my husband has the 3rd. I like the DSI not so much the 3d only because the screen is small. I have bought  used games on Amazon and Have not had a problem
Yes, i play ds games in R4 card
I successfully played/completed the game on Windows 7, no problems.
Don't know.  I have Windows 7 and it plays great on 7.
No, my strategy guide does not have blurry pictures.
Hi, actually a bug difference in size. Don't know if have other mayor difference in function. I do recommend to buy a battle bag, because the mine was difficult to close and don't fit well and yes, I have a PS4 and it fit
when the game system is on the bottom (in its position)  there is a beautiful screen built into it ... that's why it cost so much .... and the sound is awesome ... I still love it, had it for almost a year now.
Its a 6 inch HDMI cord and not a composite cable a.k.a red,white, yellow thing (winks)
I am not sure,..I think so,..but he is deployed..will ask him when avail..
It does have one HDMI connector.  The monitor has it's own speakers and hat are powered by the monitor's power supply.  It's supposed to work with the PS and the Xbox one but not having either of those I can't verify that.
Yes it works you just need the conversion kit off the gaems website to make it able to carry it securely.
Yes
No
No
On the pc no, the wireless hub is connected via usb and Windows recognizes it as a surround sound device.
Yup..both windows 8 and 8.1
I have to wear glasses all the time too. I have no issues with these headsets with my glasses.
Yes.  360, PS3, PC, PS4, and Xbox One with Xbone headset adapter.
Yes it is surround sound. And I'd say the battery will last me a good 10-12 hrs of straight usage time.
Audio yes but there is a catch for the mic to work. Unlike the PS4 and PC which work out of the box, you'll need to plug in the included audio cable from the headset to your Xbox One controller for chat to work. It's an xbox limitation and not an Astro limitation.
I had no issues with support. Sure the fact that its email based is kinda annoying, but they fixed my issue. You just have to be patient, and not some egocentric prick.
No
No. It does not support multi-task. You can try Android-based game console, such as JXD s5800.
No there was no facebook back in 1990 when the Genesis came out
I don't think so, but you can get the arcade master and that can be plugged in. The arcade master has a joystick and buttons like arcade machines and it has all games like the ultimate portable
Yes
coolroms.com, go on youtube and check out the videos on how to download them. ex. how to load genesis roms on atgames handheld.
if the game has a password system then it works fine, however i dont think you can do save states and other emulator stuff like that.
Yes. It is like a mini lcd screen. Very good picture quality. Something is off about the sound or the speaker.
No. It only has the preloaded games. It has no place for game cartridges. There are about half Sega games and half random games that were never on Sega and basically fillers, like card games.
yup.. never buying another steel series mouse ever again.. i bought a sharkoon mouse and its WAYYY BETTER!
yes you can i have play with no problems and many other games great mouse.
Yes I use my ps3 and my xbox one alot very good
It does indeed.
Not at all
yes it would.
Yes, the Xbox wasn't designed with mobility in mind. unless you set up a custom suspension for everything the disk will get scratched hitting a bump on the road this happened to me.
The Xbox 360 fits but its tight.
I honestly wouldn't. It would take a lot of the battery from the car. And/or not get enough to run the system properly which I'll cause shortages soon after or start to run hot because it's pushing itself harder. To go on the safe route go to a truck stop and get a car port that is a wall adapter. I would think you would be ok for the simple fact that it's a portable gaming device but at the same time. If I was meant for a car it would of came with a car charger. Good luck
Yes.  my son traveled with his system in this case regularly.
It's not a solid color. It cycles through multiple colors
It's USB mouse.. So unless your Mac has no USB ports, yes.
Yes the mouse does freeze I bought two of them and both of them freeze. I online game and it is a huge problem. I must return both of the products.
The design looks a lot like the contact patterns of a circuit board. The light will change through a sequence of colors. The best part is the fact there is a switch to turn off the light on the bottom of the mouse.
No I doesn't. And that is how it is with  alot of people who bought this mouse, including me. It freezes because it's cheap. It's a horrible mouse, if anything try and return it.
Why wouldn't it?
Yes they can. Currently only the amount of buttons can be keybound, without adding shift or cntl. But the amount is almost endless. I have all button bound, and again with holdin shift, and again for holdin cntl just for wow. It's very customizable.
I think you may have defective product. I just plugged mine in and worked right away. Just contact amazon and get replacement sent
3 years manufacturer warranty
Wii and wiki are different operating systems like Apple and PC
If your starter pack is one of the 2.0 versions.  if not, then only those characters that are NOT 2.0 will work.
I believe they work on all the devices.  I have never looked at them to see if they said Wii,xbox etc.  That being said I have never bought one that didn't work on our device and we have quite a few characters.  You would think if I weren't looking I would mess up at least once and buy the wrong one.
We also only have the Wii not the Wii U and the Disney Infinity Starter Pack did work and all the characters were fine. My son finished the game so I haven't bought any in a long time. You should confirm at the store when you purchase but we didn't have a problem.
They do not work on the original Wii.  My understanding it that it works on all the others Xbox 360. Play Station and W U.
I believe that the infinity 2.0 will not work on the Wii.  I think you have to have at least the step up on the W to use 2.  We ended up buying an Xbox for my 3 grandchildren so they could use the 2.0 - which is the Super Heroes.  I still have a Wii and plan to have the old one at my house so they can play with the older one when at my house.
The 2.0 will not work with this pack, the 1.0.
2.0 characters can only be played on the 2.0 starter pack platform. your better off buying the 2.0 starter pack for this reason or waiting for the new 3.0 starter pack to come out because you wont be able to play the new 3.0 characters on the 2.0 platform. the new 3.0 characters are supposed to be star wars fyi
I don't know.  You need to make sure it is compatible with wii.  If it is wii u it won't work I don't think.
No
This item is for any Xbox 360 game that needs to be saved. So yes Titanfall and any other game. Works great and I haven't had any issues with it to date :)
It comes in a white box inside of the box shipped. It is not a x box product but is made to be used in it. Works great. I am very satisfied with this product.
I haven't tried it
It goes right in
You need to return it. It's not a Microsoft HDD and sometimes the xbox wont reconize non-Microsoft branded products. Return and have them send you a replacement
Yes, it can be used on the xbox 360 slim console in black.
It Works perfect. Thanks! but. I got the HDD about a month.
Yes it can.
No steam.
Yes it will
Here's hoping! Well I did find this description, although I have not found this list anywhere else as of yet:Tropico 4: Collectors Bundle combines all the latest Tropico 4 goodness. Bundle Includes: *Tropico 4 *Tropico 4: DLC Modern Times *Tropico 4: DLC Junta *Tropico 4: DLC Plantador *Tropico 4: DLC Quick-Dry-Cement *Tropico 4: DLC Pirate Heaven *Tropico 4: DLC Megalopolis *Tropico 4: DLC Vigilante
"My 7 and 8 year olds do great with it. My 5 year old struggled. He mostly just runs around and hits things. The Lego games are great because they are much like puzzles. You have to try and figure out the sequence of actions are before you can move forward. This proves a little challenging for my 5 year old and I would think most 4-5 year olds would enjoy it for the fact that they can ""be Iron Man"" or other character but they won't progress much in the game on their own and may get bored after a few minutes and want ""help"".  Hope that helps."
When I play with my son and we are close to each other, its 1 screen but as soon as one of us trails off, it goes split screen and when we reconnect, it goes to 1 screen again. Hope that helps.
Why would I play this game on wii u? Is the gamepad used in some way?
I don't think it does, however, the game comes with roughly 100+ characters right out the box.  You have to complete missions to unlock the characters.
no... you would have to get the wii version -- anything with wii u  does not work in the wii
yesit does Jorge Rodriguez
Yes, you can use the pad control and the regular control and the nunchuk.
To be honest....I'm not 100% sure.
No
Yes it has all you need to recharge 2 Wii remotes.
Yeah it is compatible with both the remote plus  and the regular/old one.
There is only one battery for each Wii mote that it can charge. So two batteries total
Not sure what you mean...but I love this quad recharger...easy to use and very very helpful....can charge  the large controller that comes with the WiiU, and the Pro-Controllers...also the smaller controllers (the quad will charge 2 at a time)...I enjoy so much I'm going to purchase another...has a sound base that it sits on...is very steady...hope this answer helps you if not let me know....AHFerret
Mini controller?   Not sure what is meant here, but it charges 2x wiimotes, a Wii u gamepad, and a pro controller simultaneously.  Hope this helps
Yes to both questions.
Yes
Three wire fans have pwm (pulse width modulation), which means there voltage can be controlled digitally. Two wire fans just have positive and negative inputs
They're not blue at all... They are actually white.I wouldn't trust these controllers. I have 2 and both change from auto to manual controls at random.
this is 12v, connected to the PSU
3
Yes.  The language is Japanese and  my copy was shipped from Japan, but I have not had any trouble playing it on my US console.
No, only Japanese
No, but it does have online multiplayer. Co-op only.
that's impossible... .. you need to use PS3 gaming system ,  and it only can play on PS3 only
Not sure at all, the game functions and plays normally. Likely a description of what one may do with it, add it to your collection/stockpile
It can be played offline with no problems. The game supplies AI allies to help you out, and they are quite serviceable.
unfortunately no, some of the menus have english below the japanese but other than that not really. one point though is its easy to figure out even with it being in japanese
I am not sure that's doable, or if it is I've certainly never heard of it.
I cant remember it has been i while since i completed the game. Did you try googling a walkthrough?
I never bought that game-this was just a suggested games they put down that I might be interested in. Sorry.
"Sorry - I was never able to get this game to even install - something was wrong with it - try a Google search for ""Veil of Mystery walkthrough"" - good luck!  :)"
Did you turn left after taking out the nails to the cellar - hidden object scene. Get electical tape and fuses? Then go back to cellar and see if you can pick the hammer back up.
The graphics are better,  defense is tighter,  dink contest is easier,  my career is better,  easier to control the players,  no easy alley oops, tweaked online alittle. It is worth upgrading definitely
My son says you can create a player in career mode.
Yes
No
2k14 introduced a couple of new things to the genre of basketball but 2k13 in my opinion was the best 2k ever made for current gen consoles.
No
more thank likely a month or 2 after 2k15 comes out
Yes.
"I bought mine clearly marked as ""manufacturer refurbished"" and they came in a white box (non descriptive). All of the instructions, cables, and parts were included and each were in plastic bags, but there was nothing that was branded, as far as the packaging goes."
Refurbished products carry a 90 day warranty. These are authentic headphones that have been refurbished.
Yes it come a with a wireless adapter for an Xbox 360 controller.
You can run the audio through your TV..use the optical out on the TV.
I think you need to buy an Xbox one adapter. I only used this for my xbox 360.
You don't need windows. The game has Mac version.  Go and download Origin, then find your game and type in your key number. The game will be installed automatically.
"The biggest problem is that their downloading instructions are super unclear and outdated. After hours I was able to download the game on to my computer which is a brand new Mac. (I don't know if pc has less problems with it) however I will also tell you that once I finally got it downloaded, I could only get the base game to play. Neither of the expansion packs work because I have the ""wrong code"" I have to say that personally for me (while I love the game) downloading it was very difficult... I have a brand new laptop so I don't think it is that... Hope that helps!"
Yes! That is exactly what I did!(:
Better! Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag is an amazing open world game, especially on the Xbox one.
"I'm 66  years old and find Xbox games a great reality escape. I started Assassins Creed with Assassins Creed II and worked my way up. I love the ""Black Flag"" edition, but it can be challenging at first. The graphics are breath taking and game play a real challenge.Although, I'm not a youngster with razor sharp reflexes, I do enjoy the Assassins Creed franchise and hope you will also.Good luck and have fun!"
There is no co-op.
No. There is one dialog, but you can turn the voice audio off, and use subtitles. There are also seven available languages in case you speak another (english, french, spanish, german, italian, russian and portugese). The other option would be to use headphones. The dialog is quite important for the story, but also for the purposes of gameplay, as advice from the other characters is important - for instance, advice from crew when sailing can be very useful !
Yeah, the in game menu has several spoken language options as well as subtitle options...
this one is for Xbox one but you can get it for PlayStation 4.
"no, it is just suggested adult theme behind it. The language can be rough though. There are a few 'F"" bombs scattered throughout it."
Game disk
They are both pretty much the same; just purchase it for the system with the more comfortable controller,  or the one you have more friends playing on.
"Hi, yes :)Under the name of the game, on the top of the page -> ""DRM: Steam DRM"""
The multiplayer is in beta right now.  You can buy the beta separately to access online now, or wait until it's released for free to everyone.
This is the Don't Starve game. It is just a code, instead of a disc, which you enter through steam to download a copy of the game.
This is the online code needed to activate the game on Steam.
no
"you can't run this game from your Amazon Tablet.  Its system requirements are:  	Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7/Windows 8"
No it doesn't. I can be bought on steam for about $5 if I remember correctly
Yes, it is.
You get a CD key, for the game and you give him the CD key. I don't know if it is usable in other countries though.
"I'm shocked people answered yes. Check out the lyrics to ""blurred lines"" and ""c'mon"" just to name 2. They are both very sexual...I wouldn't consider that appropriate for kids."
Regular wii gaming system, I am unfamiliar with what PAL or NTSC terms.
The United States version of just dance wii game will not work on Wii console purchased in Europe. Also wii console purchased in the US can work in Europe only with a converter because of the voltage. Most plasma TV especially the ones with wifi sold in the recent time can play pal or NTSC without any problem. So I bought my wii console and all the games in the US, works perfectly in Europe with a converter and the tv bought in Europe.
No
Yes as long as all of the wires fit into that specific t.v it's fine. Enjoy!
Yes, My 3 yr old daughter loves it! If they love music and love to dance they will enjoy this. It also has music for their age which is a plus.
I wish I knew, but I'm not sure.  I bought it for the original Nintendo Wii, so I have a feeling it is not compatible.
No it's not.
"Hi Mandy,Unfortunately, I don't recall any curse words but they are the actual songs word for word. If you don't feel comfortable with purchasing this specific one, purchase ""Just Dance for Kids 2014"". I'm sure its just as good."
I've taken my pouch to gamestop to when they had n3ds xl to demo. It fit perfectly fine, even with a bit of wiggle room. I was able to put the n3dsxl into a felt pouch and still fit it in the case. You should have no issues.
As far as I know it does.
Yes, it fits, comfortably.
No it can be attached to a belt using a carabineer but on its own only has a small metal hoop attaches to the back of the pouch
The case has two sleeves inside that will hold two games. From how I have used it, I put the 3ds in the big pouch and there is plenty of room in the middle of the case for other items, such as cleaning cloths, the charger, or another small case for more games. It's up to you. I hope this helps : )
There is a small elastic pouch inside the case where the DS sits. It should be held snug enough in the pouch so it might slide up and down inside but be protected by the cloth inside.
I had the same question, so I poked around and looked for the actual dimensions of the case and of the New 3DS XL. If I'm reading the dimensions right, there's still plenty of room. The New 3DS is slightly bigger than the regular one, but there still should be room.
It's pleather.
I would say this case has 3 sections - the 'back' and the 'front'. The back one is the snug one and fits the 3DS XL perfectly without a strap on it. The front section is exposed a bit more and currently holds my MH4 Card case perfectly. It can also hold the charger, headphones and other items of you choose to have a smaller card care (or don't take one at all).Hope this helps.
Yes
Nope cord doesn't even fit. And 360 mics won't work with this specific mic input. The thing that goes in the controller allows this turtle beach but no 360 mics.
It is wired into the controller.  It does not require battery's and will run off the controllers rechargeable battery's
Turtle Beach is releasing a new adapter this month that will allow you to hear yourself. I know this is a little late for the original poster, but for future reference.http://www.turtlebeach.com/product-detail/xbox-one-adapters-accessories/ear-force-headset-audio-controller-plus/645
You need to get the new version, the XO SEVEN Pro, to get mic monitoring. We just added it to the newer models of the XO ONE, XO SEVEN Pro, and XO FOUR Stealth.
You can with the second cable provided. You can also use that cable on a computer too.  It is just like any normal headphone jack.
Yeah, very comftarble and excellent quality, I as a gamer I highly recommend them.
Yes it is
Make sure your controller is updated ...
It should. The headset doesn't plug into the console/TV at all. It's a regular stereo headset, and it comes with an adapter for the Xbox One controller. The only cables plug into the controller, and there's a spare more suited to another device like a phone or laptop.
"In fact, Wii U Gamepad is not too important int this game, 1 to 4 players can play wii party u and sometimes when it is a 3 vs 1 player mini game you use the Gamepad and another ""asimetrical party mode games"", so all players do need wii remote (dont have to be plus) to play this game. it really is a great game you and your friends will have fun GARANTEED! :)"
Yes
No, you must have a Wii U to play this game.
I dont know
It came with a remote. No stand.
No, it is only play with your friends.
I think you have to have at least two players.   I know they will have NPCs to fill in for the rest.....the game is most certainly meant for kids...I play it with my kid sometimes just as a bonding thing....my kid just checked and she says you must have 2 players
Don't know. Sorry.......
No, this is no Wii Sports wich you can buy online at the eShop
Definitely.  You cannot play offline and the campaigns are just multiplayer games with a set map progression.  Therefore if you are looking for a 'single player experience' this game does not have it.
You shoot pixel soldiers and robots with pixel guns until they fall over or blow up. When you sneak behind an enemy you can snap his or her neck. It's a shooter so of course there will be blood and violence, but it's nothing that'll traumatize him. As for language, he probably hears worse things during recess at school.
It's $24.99. source: http://www.titanfall.com/news/season-pass-and-digital-deluxe
You need an internal HDD yes. A flash drive will not work. You need around 6 gb I believe. I would purchase an Xbox with the 200+ GB HDD or grab an external one to plug into yours. Just about any model with enough space should suffice.
The version I received after ordering states NTSC in the location you see PAL on the cover. I cannot speak for Amazon however I'm pretty sure based on your location and the type of order that you will receive the correct version based on the address of your primary account information. If there is a problem with your order once received, I would leave the plastic wrapping on, contact amazon customer service, and exchange it for the correct format.
There is no split screen option, so you can only play one at a time.The profile for your play is linked to your xbox live profile, so as long as you and your father are ok with sharing an xbox live gold account, and stats, you only need one gold account.Please be aware that this game can only be played online with xbox live. There is no offline play available.
I don't think you can turn off the blood.  But yes, you can turn off the voices.
No, not that I am aware of
No, there isn't a game code.  A used copy should be fine.
When I bought the Killzone Bundle the PS+ came in the box.
You need it only for the extras such as free games discounts on various games and other pay for features.You don't need it to access play online just for any required pay for features extras. Although if your only going to acess online game play with your playstation 4 and not your playstation 3 if you even own a playstation 3 ?I belive it is going to require you to buy a playstation plus membership.How ever not if you access it on the playstation 3.
No, but there is a streaming service being implemented that will allow you to play ps1, ps2 and ps3 games. There is also an update coming that gives the ps4 a ps1 and ps2 emulator.
Yes, as I mentioned it comes with all accessories. Are you planing to purchase this console?
playstation plus will not be included
Subscription excellent PS4 has always innovated and renew each year, ps4 for me is the ultimate and Playstation plus.
This is the American version and is the 500GB model.
The ps plus membership was sent by e-mail not a card in the box.
I have no clue... maybe the setting are in Japanese and the us in English? Maybe.....?
nope
"It has vibration feedback, but not true force feedback such as you'll find in the Logitech G27 and higher-end wheels. Meaning it rattles and shakes, but has no ""pull"" like a real car wheel."
I don't know. I just have used it on my PS3 and my laptop. I can tell you that it works pretty good!
around (0 degrees it does not turn 180 degree. I use it on Nascar and a few other games with no issues.
Yes. It is PS3 capable. It should have no problem!
I am using it for Eurotruck Sim 2 and for the price it works great but not force feedback. I would sum it up saying that if I could do it over I would save my money for a Logitech wheel, as I am an avid gamer, but again for the price I am happy with it.
It's the won't work for nothing version.  Don't buy download.
I'm using an Xbox 360 controller and it works perfectly, no hassle. Just plug in and that's it.
Yes it is an actual steam game, not a non-steam game. Achievements and all the other Steam related things work fine.
I downloaded it through Steam and it works just fine with Windows 8.1.
Having Windows 8 should not cause any issues. Do you have Steam installed? If so, go into your steam folder, find the game, and run MK Launcher.exe(C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/MortalKombat_KompleteEdition/DiscContentPC/MK Launcher.exe) If this doesn't work, uninstall it and reinstall it through Steam, as sometimes the game attempts to launch before the necessary files have been downloaded.
Yes. U will get code for activation on STEAM. Just give someone this code.
hi, is the code. you need to download the game from your steam account after using this code. (sorry for my poor english)
Yes you can play the game offline, if you have 2 usb ports you can plug in 2 controllers and play against your friends as well �
I've played through Steam with friends, and works like a charm. Latency can be an issue if whoever hosts has a bad internet connection, but otherwise it's fine.
This is for the purchase of the physical disc. You can download the whole game from the PlayStation Network (PSN) as well for the same price.
Very much so!
Yes a few
Nop
It came with mine. I bought it last week.
I believe so yes, I played around with the controls once and I think there was a lefty option.
5.1 for the 2013 edition. Sounds really really great
Yes, works good on the ps4
No that's going to cost you more but if if you do want to get everything you can buy bundle with the mixamp and headset
No.
No
There is a microphone and headphone jack
They are decent but you will not get surround sound audio.
I haven't really heard my own voice through the mic, but from what I've heard from my friends, it sounds really clear.
It is not
4 discs in two cases and a digital code for mega man 10.
Yes  complete games good ofert
Yes it does supports trophies, since each Game comes in different disc, so is like having each Game separately.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Anything. It also can be mounted on a bike or on the dash of a car.
Well the camera itself looks really badass and the quality is very good. It came with a 4gb micro sd but switched it for an 8. Also if you go airsofting you can attack the camera to your airsoft gun. I say its worth it, because a game cost $60 and thats how much your paying and the camera is basically free, which is very awesome. If it was original price I wouldn't get it but since its very low price its definitely worth buying.
Yes
Not it dosen't
Yes it is. The game alone cost about $50.this set also includes a tactical recorder. To capture all your online or off line play. It usually sells by itself for about $70-$100. So its a great bargain to get the game, expansion maps, recorder and a few more bonuses. Good buy. U recommend it.
youll need to get the microsoft xbox one adapter to use your mic
"So, I deleted my earlier post. Getting 2 audio sources to play simultaneously is actually pretty easy. The mixamp has a line in for spdif (optical) and your typical aux 3.5mm jack. I hooked my computer via spdif and my TV via aux.  You'll get both AND be able to toggle the balance with the right earcup game/VoIP switch. (I initially thought it didn't work, as I was 100% to my computer source, hence my deleted answer.  Don't make my mistake). I would recommend the spdif from your console and aux from your computer, you'll get better in game sound.  The balance feature is really nice, and it is tailored to your exact needs.



    So, I deleted my earlier post. Getting 2 audio sources to play simultaneously is actually pretty easy. The mixamp has a line in for spdif (optical) and your typical aux 3.5mm jack. I hooked my computer via spdif and my TV via aux. You'll get both AND be able to toggle the balance with the right earcup game/VoIP switch. (I initially thought it didn't work, as I was 100% to my computer source, hence my deleted answer. Don't make my mistake). I would recommend the spdif from your console and aux from your computer, you'll get better in game sound. The balance feature is...
      » 
Read More


   So, I deleted my earlier post. Getting 2 audio sources to play simultaneously is actually pretty easy. The mixamp has a line in for spdif (optical) and your typical aux 3.5mm jack. I hooked my computer via spdif and my TV via aux.  You'll get both AND be able to toggle the balance with the right earcup game/VoIP switch. (I initially thought it didn't work, as I was 100% to my computer source, hence my deleted answer.  Don't make my mistake). I would recommend the spdif from your console and aux from your computer, you'll get better in game sound.  The balance feature is really nice, and it is tailored to your exact needs.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes they are.
Im sorry but i 'dont have xbox one
Yes all ASTRO products will work with the next generation PS4. It uses the same technology that the PS3 used so there are no additional products you need. Sony will be releasing a firmware update though after release that will be required for the chat to work. No details have yet been released about this update.Regards,ASTRO Gaming
No there is no other accessories you need.  When you get your new Astro's just plug them into your PC and download the lastest firmware for them and you are good to go.  The PS4 does accept this device and never had a issue.
I had problems with my mic on Windows 7. Works fine on Windows 8. There could be a ton of reasons though. You need it set as default in your sound setting and typically selected in the program you are using too. Also, if the mic boom is straight up, it turns the mic off.
Would not recommend as an internet machine. Has basic functionality but not the greatest. Better as a game platform.
You can use old games - regular DS, 2DS and 3DS games work on it.
yes but not if you order one from Japan they are regional blocked
I purchased this to replace one my daughter broke. The first one, which I bought at toys r us, lasted just over a year before she broke it.  I found the replacement 3DS XL cheaper on Amazon.  I splurged for the square trade to cover any accidental issues.  The new DS arrived in a sealed Nintendo box and was in the same packaging as the first one.  It has been 7 months and we had no issues. Hope this helps
North America.
You'll have to link to the other device for specification.This is an XL model, which makes the screen bigger.
I am not an expert or anything but i have a US PS3 and it worked fine. Though I would take Note before buying this  that you have a HDTV and HDMI Cord because this game can only be played in 1080p.
Most of the higher priced one piece games are the English games and Japanese ones sell for less
English, only the audio is in japanese
Yes, as long as you either have a spot to insert an SD card or you own an SD card reader you should be able to.
Same screen size as the 3ds. Not the 3ds xl.With a simple look on google... you can find that the 2ds and 3ds are 400×240... However the 3ds is 800×240 because of the 3d ability ( displays two 400×240 screens at once and projects them into your eyes via light).
Yes
Yes
To do online functions, yes, otherwise you can play w/o wifi
"There is a ""share"" function between all DS' but it requires the DS without the game to download it from the other and for the desired game to allow ""Download play"". You should also probably note that the shared version of the game isn't actually the full game and only allows limited content for the downloader; although the game is downloaded it is also required that the two DS' stay within a close enough range to hold the wireless signal.If it's a single player game you'll most likely have to buy 2 but if it's a game like Mario kart or multiplayer centered you could probably do fine just buying one and require the kids to be civil about who gets the full content or share.



    There is a ""share"" function between all DS' but it requires the DS without the game to download it from the other and for the desired game to allow ""Download play"". You should also probably note that the shared version of the game isn't actually the full game and only allows limited content for the downloader; although the game is downloaded it is also required that the two DS' stay within a close enough range to hold the wireless signal.If it's a single player game you'll most likely have to buy 2 but if it's a game like Mario kart or multiplayer centered...
      » 
Read More


   There is a ""share"" function between all DS' but it requires the DS without the game to download it from the other and for the desired game to allow ""Download play"". You should also probably note that the shared version of the game isn't actually the full game and only allows limited content for the downloader; although the game is downloaded it is also required that the two DS' stay within a close enough range to hold the wireless signal.If it's a single player game you'll most likely have to buy 2 but if it's a game like Mario kart or multiplayer centered you could probably do fine just buying one and require the kids to be civil about who gets the full content or share.
      « 

Show Less"
Of course silly. But only a wall block and usb cable. No car charger. Amazon has a great $20 kit that comes with a car charger and nice carrying case.
I have 2 children that have 2DS 12year and 10years old. They take them every were.  The game cards and the styles are hard to keep track of. But they seem to keep going.
To my knowledge the 2ds can only link to another 2ds or a 3ds since they are basically the same device.
My American games work just fine on it. Pretty sure games from any region will work on it though.
Yes
It comes with the vita console, charger and instructions all in the official playstation vita console boxing
Can you state your question in more detail. The vita is packaged with an original Japanese box therefore the package does contain Japanese words describing the vita. The only English words on the box are PSVITA, SONY, Lime and Green/White.
Yes
Yes
Mine did not, what I can gather from the Japanese on the back of the box, I don't think it's suppose to.
Yes u can play all english games, and save all your game saves on the 1gb storage without a memory card. If u decide to buy a memory card later on all saves will transfer over to new memory card.
Yes. everything works just like the american version. Only diff is in home screen is O button is to confirm and X is to cancel but its no biggie
Yeah I've had mine for a while too, and haven't encountered any problems with the wireless, however sometimes the joystick becomes unresponsive and moves my character spuratically.
You can, BUT you will have to buy a different power supply. I bought a 220v power supply through Amazon for about $23.  The power supply that comes with the US version is only for 110v.
It has one - we were able to use it with our wireless router immediately.
This bundle has everything he needs to play the system. You will still need an Xbox Live card in order to play online which is $60 a year. If you have a High Definition TV you will also need to buy an HDMI cord in order to play at the highest definition.
It depends on the bundle! I received a disk with Halo 3, and a code for Tomb Raider. Read the description carefully!
no you do not
Yes
Yes
It was supposed to come with Halo (which it did), a token for Tomb Raider (not there) and a free subdcription to Xbox Live (got that).
It has Left Stick/Right Stick/D-Pad capability, so it should work. I probably wouldn't suggest using it for a real 3D game but if you want to then go right ahead
it should since my wired 360 controller still works on 8.1
This one is slightly more solid over all the the qanba.  It has a standard square gate and the buttons are slightly smaller and smoother also. I own both a qanba and madcatz te stick and if I had to just one for lasting quality and performance it would be the madcatz te. It feels the most comfortable and is the easiest to mod if you so choose.
I think it was 7.8 lbs
No Any Game That Requires the use of both the left and right analog stick it won't work sorry
It responds as any 360 controller would. ive never tried it on fifa, so I don't know if u can map buttons on it. You can probably get a cheaper stick if that is your main use for it. Its a good stick. It has very responsive buttons and handle.
Its a little difficult.  The art already on it is one big sticker.  You will either have to have something printed with an adhesive backing or buy a plexi top.
No, If your looking for a Xbox One fight stick, Madcatz makes the Tournament Edition 2, and Razer makes the Atrox.
Great question, no you do not! All the game of the year stuff is included on the disk so no need to download anything or be hooked up to Xbox Live.
Yes
The new characters are actually on the disc
Ultimate edition has all the new characters and all alternative costumes already unlocked, plus the challenges are unlocked for the new characters. Standard edition doesn't have any of that unlocked.
I don't know from personal experience but my brother says the original game and this game are the same so i hope that helps
Yes. There is an story Mode that follow an interesting storyline
Absolutely!! The game versus mode alone is worth the $20.. There is an original story mode also! It plays identical to Mortal Combat, it is made by the same developers after all!
No sir honest
I doubt it. I have had issues, in the past, with purchasing video games from retailers outside my home region. I would strongly recommend that you find a retailer in your home region to buy this from. I can't say for certain that you would have a problem buying this from an American retailer, but I would not risk it.
At least now I know why my controllers giggle when I put them on the charger :-P
It plugs into the wall socket
It's A Christmas Gift Along With My Son's New Xbox One. Still Didn't Open Yet. But Recommend It 4 Sure. Will Update Comment Later On, When He Opens It & We Use It. Donnie R Longo
If the item is new and its not charging its because you installed the batteries incorrectly. On other hand if you had this item for a couple of months then it seems the batteries are dead because they die out not long after use. No replacement batteries sold by manufacturer.
Yes, you don't have to keep buying batteries all the time.
I haven't try the Rayovac, I always have NYKO. I believed the battery has a lifetime warranty on it.
The mouse does change colors. However the click wheel has 5 main color presets and can not change (green,red,blue,purple,yellow, maybe pink too?). But the numbers and the logo will change to any color you can think of with an amazing color palat that lets you change the brightness, hue, contrast,ect. You can even do black lol! Hopefully that answers your question
The thumb buttons are mechanical keys. They also have a curvature for quick button finding. There is #1-#12 keys.
Yes it is smooth plastic. It feels very good when u touch it. :)
Yes but you cant change 1 through 12 so really its more for gaming but it works the same as all mouse all but for he extra buttons
This is for sure the same mouse in a different body. The Perdition has the same weight system as well. If debating between the two mice I say it comes down to the cosmetics and the need for a thumb rest or not. Even the software for both mice are identical aside from the logo of course. I think I want them both, at such a low price point I don't see why not. What really gets me is this mouse info states it's been on Amazon since late 2013. Mind boggling as I've been looking for a true alternative to the G600 and Naga for such a long time now.
It is easy to start up and easy to use to set up the keys. The starting keys itself is already fine meaning you don't need to set up all your mouse bindings if you don't mind a standard mouse set up with the side keys 1-12 being hotkeys for the 1-12 numbers of your keyboard and if you want to change any of the bindings an image on the in software key set up will show you what option corresponds to what on your mouse making it really straight forward. Its been a super easy time using it in general.
Not nearly as easy as it should be. It requires opening up the mouse software and doing it that way. There should be a switch to autochange, sadly there is not.
Venus
Yes
No it will wprk with the controller
Yes you can set number of laps
I believe it is but the screens are extremely small... Very difficult game to play at first but extremely realistic!
I don't know I haven't tried it ,sorry
Yes when you set the race up you can turn the cautions off under the flag options.
No..only single season...
It has every track on this years Sprint Cup Schedule.
There is a small door on the side of the console that pops open. If you don't already have an internal hard drive it will be empty and this one just drops right in.
yes this will work fine
It comes with a cradle that only holds the gamepad, a cradle that you plug the charging cord into to use as a charger, and the cord to use when you're charging and playing at the same time. It comes with everything you need.
To be honest I don't know I don't play that long. I bought the nyko pro controller and I could always use that if the game pad ran out. It's a great controller and 20 bucks
You can play Wii games on it but not Gamecube games!
"No. In fairness, it would be more expensive then due to licensing agreements and almost everyone has a DVD player. It has the hardware to play blu ray discs and DVD's, but not the software. Some people illegally install the software and others think it will come in a future update.In fairness, the off screen play and dual screen functionality for local multiplayer more than makes up for lack of DVD player. It also plays netflix and hulu in full HD 1080P. Maybe take a look at the Mario Kart 8 bundle that comes out in a week or so. It's a little more expensive but includes the best game of the year on any console, more accessories and a 2nd game free download code with Mario Kart 8.



    No. In fairness, it would be more expensive then due to licensing agreements and almost everyone has a DVD player. It has the hardware to play blu ray discs and DVD's, but not the software. Some people illegally install the software and others think it will come in a future update.In fairness, the off screen play and dual screen functionality for local multiplayer more than makes up for lack of DVD player. It also plays netflix and hulu in full HD 1080P. Maybe take a look at the Mario Kart 8 bundle that comes out in a week or so. It's a little more expensive but includes the...
      » 
Read More


   No. In fairness, it would be more expensive then due to licensing agreements and almost everyone has a DVD player. It has the hardware to play blu ray discs and DVD's, but not the software. Some people illegally install the software and others think it will come in a future update.In fairness, the off screen play and dual screen functionality for local multiplayer more than makes up for lack of DVD player. It also plays netflix and hulu in full HD 1080P. Maybe take a look at the Mario Kart 8 bundle that comes out in a week or so. It's a little more expensive but includes the best game of the year on any console, more accessories and a 2nd game free download code with Mario Kart 8.
      « 

Show Less"
hard copy, one disk of both games.
Both. Like xbox360 you can purchase discs or you can download some games online through Nintendo's estore
32GB
I don't know but I seen a feature in the settings that allows you to transfer data from Wii to Wii U.
That is not a Wii console (last generation) that is the Wii U console (current generation). The Controller is the pad on the left in the picture with the Wii U logo on the screen. So just to be clear this does not include a Wii this is a new console called the Wii U. It will play Wii games, but will not play the Gamecube games like the Wii was able to do.
5 people can play at a time (depending on the game).  That requires purchasing 4 more controllers or using old Wii controllers.  Most people seem to prefer the Pro controllers to the Wiimote.  A lot also love the included gamepad, but only 1 of those is supported.
Yes. I have win 8 64 bit and it works fine.
I think the gold has all the dlc
Should be. I run it on Windows 8.1 with no problems, and 8.1 has more issues with gaming than 7 did in my experience.
that's typically an issue of your power supply either failing or not supplying adequate power.
As far as I know, you'd have to just replay the memory sequence through the progress tracker.
Yes because it will be stored into your steam account. If you do not have a steam account you need it to download the game
No, Wii U games will only work on the Wii U. The hardware inside the system is very different, so the publisher would need to create a separate Wii version. Unfortunately it looks like there will be very few new games available for the original Wii at this point.
All
Yes, you use the nunchucks.  Unfortunately we have the same problem.  It is the wires getting pulled and loose.
"Yes, after you complete all the levels, you have ""Free Play"" where you roam around and complete other quests to get more characters."
Well usually hitting a button on the second controller should start the second player. At least that is what it was like on the ps3 version of Indiana Jones I had.
It only covers the first two movies.  The third is supposed to be released as downloadable content.
No you could have looke this up on google
Yes, it looks like u r standing in front of the machine. Good graphics too...
No, PS4 games are not compatible with PS3 systems.
No, it doesn't. Those are on the Zen Pinball 2 game.
pinball arcade is a great game!  lots of tables and great graphics. I feel the flipper action could be a little tighter, ever though it's barely noticeable there is a slight lag
No
No it is PS4 only.
Hi joy sorry but there no online multiplayer mode but you can play up for people in the game and yes you can use 1 controller it's great game for the price you get 22 tables lots fun
DRM is Uplay. The DRM is mentioned under the product title.
It's super easy to play with a keyboard and mouse. There were even times where i would lay down while I played. You only use about 6 buttons on the keyboard, and they are all pretty close to each other. If you don't already have a gamepad, i would suggest not getting one for this game.
Yes
You must play on-line by UPLAY.
It is a 500gb hard drive but after the operating system and such it is a 362gb hard drive to play with.
The pre-order price on MS is $199, to be released 7/15/2014
No.
Kinect is for Motion Gaming, using Gestures to control the Xbox, and most importantly voice commands. Sadly no, a different external microphone will not work for voice commands. Head over to feedback.xbox.com and suggest it, maybe they will add it.
Yes.
No but games like titanfall are online but other you can play with out having to be connected online or having a membership
I do not know. I never had that system and have not had this wheel for a few years.
I do not know. My 8 year old nephew would use the wheel to play my husband's Formula 1 racing game. But we didn't have any children's games to try it with.
yes
No
Go to Logitech website to download
No, but it does have programmable buttons.
Yes
I have no clue.
The simulator includes a good variety of WWII fighter planes including the P-51D Mustang, P-47D Thunderbolt, P-38J Lightning, Supermarine Spitfire Mk.IX, Bf1096G-6, Fw190A-8, and Me262A1. Missions: There are 35 single missions, a full campaign (which may be played as the Axis or Allies), and the mission editor to create your own mission.
after meny tries i could not get any of my old or new fighter programs to work on 7 -64 bit.
Mine worked on my xp system but couldn't get it to load right on 7 - 64 bit
Yes it does, works on mine. Have fun !!
It is old enough to run on XP, been out for a while.
Yes. I've run it on XP & Windows 7.
Yes. I'm running it on my laptop that has windows 7.
Sorry I never saw the plane except in movies. I also. never flew a taildrager..Bob
I tried--it didn't work.
"You might try using a piece of 1"" X 2"" strip of wood about 11"" long as a shim between claps and the bottom of the table and/or desk. It worked great for me."
I have on way to test im on win7 for my games and sims
I would not reccomend this for driver Sims limited turning radius.about 45 degrees each way.
My 14 year old son has this exact model of Yoke and he has had it for 4 years. He believes that it is compatible with xplane and looked it up and could find nothing that said it was NOT compatible. Additionally my experience with AMAZON is that if you buy something believing it will work with something else and it does not, they will take it back and refund the full price as long as it is returned to them quickly, is not damaged and has all of the items that came with the product like manuals etc. Good Luck
I can't remember but then again, who cares! You can and should customize them yourself and it is very easily done! One thing for sure, calibrate your yoke as otherwise it will not work properly! It's also very easily to do, takes 1 min at most!
Yes....plug and play.
Yes
Not sure as it was designed for flight simulator. I would not buy it for car sim though.
It extends out the back. It's not much though.
It uses USB power only
no this does not come with a charger.
My GBA doesn't have a backlit screen. All the colors of the GBA don't have a backlit screen.
"No, the device is to allow you to play in the dark. The older game boy consoles are not ""back-lit"" this means that if there is no light around you won't be able to see the game. Like the screen on a TI-83 or most other older calculators."
Yes. To increase battery life, turn off color and volium
The GBA SP is designed more like the old Game Boy Color, but it folds in the middle, making it more compact.
Yes ... I've been playing it in Windows 8 & 8.1 from a long time now ...
It does have a CD key, but the code can be reused. I have used mine to download it onto many different computers.
It's a RTS. Not similar to WoW. The online gameplay on WC3 is dead . So it's only worth buying it for the campaign. I've played WoW for 8 years and plenty of time on WC3
No the game can be played right away through a link from Battlenet with the activation codes on the disks.  I like the direct kind of access and would suggest if you are a true gamer you want to download the content on the disks to start the game directly from your pc without having to indirectly access it through the online link.
World of war craft the last I check it was 15
No sadly. I just got on the other night .
Yes and yes
Hello Ashley, Please note that we have this item in stock. You can search for AmitCJ seller under the listing of this product.
Yes my sister used it on two different computers
My Zoo Tycoon is on a CD.   I put it in my computer to play the game.  My PC plays all discs.  I am using a windows 7.
I'm not sure but if u read requirements it should tell you.   I think it does though.
Yes! It also works on Windows 8
It has but not often.
No
Where exactly would I be able to locate this information?? ( I checked under my amazon orders as well as on the ad. I am at work currently and am unable to open the program on my laptop at this time if that is where I would find it.)
It does work on Windows 7; however, i would highly recommend patching/modding it so that it runs smoother. Due to its age, the game suffers from frequent crashes that may hinder gameplay if you don't save frequently (every 5 minutes).
I bought a new Laptop in 2012 with windows 7 and it plays this game just fine.
Yes.
If you bought a used copy, then you need to get a transfer of ownership from the original owner, and notify EA Games.  Otherwise you might have a pirated copy.  Also, before you do any of that, check your Cap Locks key, and retyping the key code.
No
Interchangeable - yes. You get two different keysets - one regular, one gaming (WASD keys on the left and others). The keysets have a clip on the side that you flip up to change out and flip down to lock in place. You don't flip anything upside down. Hope this answers your question.
Works great in Windows 7 HOWEVER I never found win7 drivers for the presets. I use it in games daily and I don't miss the presets.
"No, the keyboard only ""plugs-in"" one way; with the butterfly on the left side."
This keyboard is not wireless. I don't use wireless keyboards or mice for gaming so I can't respond to the second question.
Idk unfortunately but I sure hope so
You will need to download a DOS emulator to run the game
Yes.
No sorry
Probably bc they have been lost along the way... the model 1 came out in 1989... gone with the wind I guess... or broke at some point
"I'm not entirely sure what you are asking.... if you want to know what NORMALLY comes with a sega genesis should it be complete in the box you will need the following for it to be operational. The system itself, AV or Rca cables (Rca are pretty common today and are colored red white and yellow, while AV has a small box about half way down the cable and has a metal jack that screws into the T.V.), a power adapter and a controller. Obviously a game will be required for the system to be fully operational but luck for you genesis games that are popular happen to cost little to no money. You could probably get Sonic 1-3 for less than 20 bucks combined.



    I'm not entirely sure what you are asking.... if you want to know what NORMALLY comes with a sega genesis should it be complete in the box you will need the following for it to be operational. The system itself, AV or Rca cables (Rca are pretty common today and are colored red white and yellow, while AV has a small box about half way down the cable and has a metal jack that screws into the T.V.), a power adapter and a controller. Obviously a game will be required for the system to be fully operational but luck for you genesis games that are popular happen to cost little to no money. You...
      » 
Read More


   I'm not entirely sure what you are asking.... if you want to know what NORMALLY comes with a sega genesis should it be complete in the box you will need the following for it to be operational. The system itself, AV or Rca cables (Rca are pretty common today and are colored red white and yellow, while AV has a small box about half way down the cable and has a metal jack that screws into the T.V.), a power adapter and a controller. Obviously a game will be required for the system to be fully operational but luck for you genesis games that are popular happen to cost little to no money. You could probably get Sonic 1-3 for less than 20 bucks combined.
      « 

Show Less"
No
I  have  no  idea.
yes, I have windows 7, and had this game over 4 or 5yrs, lots of fun
Does this play in Window 7?
Nope not even close. I consider this version better and more challenging
Short answer, yes.The offline experiance is much better if you finish the career first.
Yes. There a few cuss words in there, but not many and they're few and far between. Most Need For Speeds are fine because they're racing games so there's not much talking.
Yes
The campaign isn't but you can race with two players in noncompaign modes
Yes, as long as your TV has component input (red, blue, and green for video + red and white for audio) or composite input (yellow for video + red and white for sound). The component input is generally a higher quality.
Yes. At some point they switched from this AV cable to an HDMI. This is the original cable that was packaged with the first couple revisions of the console.
Yes and certain games like mine craft need it to use multi player
You answered your own question actually; it is only able to use an HDMI cable. AV/Component output is not supported for that model so this product would serve you no purpose.
should be in the back near the HDMI input
The yellow cable is for standard definition television . plugging it in won't do anything. You have your audio cables (red and white) and your HD componet cables (Red green blue) and standard definition video cable(yellow) if you are not using an HD TV with component plugs such as an CRT TV the yellow video cable needs to be plugged in to the color coded slot (sometimes represented as a Y above another color slot)
Ensure that the correct color connectors on the component end are plugged into the correct TV jacks, verify the switch on the Microsoft connector is set to HDTV, on the TV set the video selection to the appropriate input. Remember that the solid red and white plugs are the left and right audio, if still having problems the cable could be bad. Good luck!
No
my scale said 5.4 lbs.
Not only do the control NWS, they can also control differential braking
"IDK either ... I bought it and got the standard version.  I do not see much difference except for the metal on the pedals which maybe makes them more durable.  I use the pedals with Windows XP as my OS; the interface of my pedals is USB, the Saitek Drivers get the pedals into my computer and Saitek includes a program to check that the pedals are working.  BUT to get the pedal info into any running program they have to be linked to the Windows Device Manager by going to the Control Panel and Clicking on Game Controllers, then clicking on ADD then scroll down to Saitek and select it.I made a screen shot but Amazon does not give me a way to attach it to this e-mail.



    IDK either ... I bought it and got the standard version. I do not see much difference except for the metal on the pedals which maybe makes them more durable. I use the pedals with Windows XP as my OS; the interface of my pedals is USB, the Saitek Drivers get the pedals into my computer and Saitek includes a program to check that the pedals are working. BUT to get the pedal info into any running program they have to be linked to the Windows Device Manager by going to the Control Panel and Clicking on Game Controllers, then clicking on ADD then scroll down to Saitek and select...
      » 
Read More


   IDK either ... I bought it and got the standard version.  I do not see much difference except for the metal on the pedals which maybe makes them more durable.  I use the pedals with Windows XP as my OS; the interface of my pedals is USB, the Saitek Drivers get the pedals into my computer and Saitek includes a program to check that the pedals are working.  BUT to get the pedal info into any running program they have to be linked to the Windows Device Manager by going to the Control Panel and Clicking on Game Controllers, then clicking on ADD then scroll down to Saitek and select it.I made a screen shot but Amazon does not give me a way to attach it to this e-mail.
      « 

Show Less"
Saitek now shows compatibility with Windows 8    http://www.saitek.com/uk/prod/pedals.html
We don't know of any list but he uses this specifically for Elite Dangerous. He says the rudder pedals can be programmed to any game just like a joystick.
Not sure what the warranty is on this but I have had no issues with it so far. Amazon is great about backing up the products they sell and allowing returns if needed.
Yes that's how I have them hooked up
To set it up properly I depended on You Tube tutorials and the enclosed instructions. It went flawlessly. No problems what so ever.
Yes
Yes, but always ask the seller to confirm this.
Yes but the system itself isn't worth it, there's a screw missing so the screen doesn't stay up while you try and play it
Yes but not ds2 or later games
Ds games and games boy advance sp games. The ds games go on top in the back the small slot and the Gameboy advance games go on the bottom.
It would be nice if there were another sale here soon.  After all, Race Pro is coming out for the 360 next week, and it caters to a simulator crowd (who tend to spend money on things like this).  I'm in this category, and frankly, the first company to put the Evolution on a good sale will get my money.  I'd like it to be Amazon, but if it is someone else, so be it.
I'm curious too. I was researching this seat at various forums and it looks like the price once dropped to $199.
"It has the plate you see in the picture of it and you screw the steering wheel down onto it as tight as you can get.  The wheel I have has the shifter as part of the overall assembly.  The wheel pedal kit I bought is a M/N E-X5C 19 model number that has the shifter and wheel as one plastic assembly.  I went to Logitech and the picture they show for the G27 is a totally separate shifter and there is no way to mount it on what I have.  There may be an adapter you can buy but I don't know.  Good luck and enjoy.  I really like the seat.  It is so comfortable when you get tired yo can just nap right in it.  :-)



    It has the plate you see in the picture of it and you screw the steering wheel down onto it as tight as you can get. The wheel I have has the shifter as part of the overall assembly. The wheel pedal kit I bought is a M/N E-X5C 19 model number that has the shifter and wheel as one plastic assembly. I went to Logitech and the picture they show for the G27 is a totally separate shifter and there is no way to mount it on what I have. There may be an adapter you can buy but I don't know. Good luck and enjoy. I really like the seat. It is so comfortable when you get tired yo can just nap right in...
      » 
Read More


   It has the plate you see in the picture of it and you screw the steering wheel down onto it as tight as you can get.  The wheel I have has the shifter as part of the overall assembly.  The wheel pedal kit I bought is a M/N E-X5C 19 model number that has the shifter and wheel as one plastic assembly.  I went to Logitech and the picture they show for the G27 is a totally separate shifter and there is no way to mount it on what I have.  There may be an adapter you can buy but I don't know.  Good luck and enjoy.  I really like the seat.  It is so comfortable when you get tired yo can just nap right in it.  :-)
      « 

Show Less"
i found this!Packaging *Small full colour box, plus brown carton protection box.*Dimensions (LxWxH) 60x50x40 cm/ 24x20x16 inches.*Gross Weight 25 kg/ 55 lbs.
My daughters are less than 5,3 and the seat adjusts to their height without a problem.  It also supports me at 6,1.  Easily adjustable for us.
"Yes you do have to use both feet with this game seat because of the post that holds the base where you attach the wheel.  I wouldn't let that bother you that much unless you are trying to get serious for real life racing there they use the toe/heel for gas and brake.  I can tell you that I really like the seat even though I don't use it that often.  I recently built a platform to mount it on and put small caster wheels on the bottom of it so I can easily move it around the room.  I also ended up making a stop at the top of the pedals as they didn't want to stay in place as good as I would have liked.  If I needed to buy another one this would be my choice.  Good luck and I hope you enjoy it.



    Yes you do have to use both feet with this game seat because of the post that holds the base where you attach the wheel. I wouldn't let that bother you that much unless you are trying to get serious for real life racing there they use the toe/heel for gas and brake. I can tell you that I really like the seat even though I don't use it that often. I recently built a platform to mount it on and put small caster wheels on the bottom of it so I can easily move it around the room. I also ended up making a stop at the top of the pedals as they didn't want to stay in place as good as I would have...
      » 
Read More


   Yes you do have to use both feet with this game seat because of the post that holds the base where you attach the wheel.  I wouldn't let that bother you that much unless you are trying to get serious for real life racing there they use the toe/heel for gas and brake.  I can tell you that I really like the seat even though I don't use it that often.  I recently built a platform to mount it on and put small caster wheels on the bottom of it so I can easily move it around the room.  I also ended up making a stop at the top of the pedals as they didn't want to stay in place as good as I would have liked.  If I needed to buy another one this would be my choice.  Good luck and I hope you enjoy it.
      « 

Show Less"
This is exactly what I did, but you'll need to modify them slightly. I got two gear shift holders, the base on the gear shift holders is too small for a flight stick / throttle to sit on so what I did was cut some particle board, drilled holes in it so I can mount it on top of the gear shift holders, laid some black leather (from hobby lobby) across the wood (to make it match seat) and then put some plexiglass pieces on top of it so my throttle/stick suction cups have something to stick onto. Overall it works GREAT. Used it to for Ace Combat 6, Hawxx, and many other PC flight sims.
Yes and No. PS2 controllers and peripherals will only work on PS2 software/games. That is if the PS2 software is compatible with the PS3. I have not found any PS2 accessories that will work for PS3 software/games. There is backwards compatibility. PS3 controllers will work for PS2 games. With the exception of the PS3 Move Controllers, most PS3 controllers will operate most PS2 software.
No this will not work on X-box
Yes it does it works on every ps3
yes, the converter makes it compatible with all usb devices... including your xbox
Definitely! In fact, that's why I bought it, so I could game on my PC with a PS2 emulator.
Yes, but please note that controller may not be compatible with all PS3 games.
I didn't see if the analog button was mapped as ps3 button. However it might be since ps3 uses analog all the time. I was using my PS3 Blu Ray remote to go to PS3 menu
The order according to the timeline is:Assassin's CreedAssassin's Creed IIAssassin's Creed BrotherhoodAssassin's Creed RevelationsAssassin's Creed IV Black FlagAssassin's Creed Freedom's Cry (DLC for black flag)Assassin's Creed RogueAssassin's Creed IIIAssassin's Creed LiberationAnd there is a second DLC with Aveline on Black Flag and that comes last.So there you go.. hope this helps
No
It depends on you.I think it's not necessary you have to play AC1 if you only play AC2.But if you play the Ezio trilogy you'd better paly the AC1
no the game is in english
I don't think so.
Why yes it is!
it is in 3rd person.
This came used from a third party seller, so he included everything listed.I think you have to read each listing if used and see what they are including.
You can as long as you have an Xbox Live account.
Who sent this and you can send it back and get your money back and i have one for sale if you want another one
Yes it comes with everything required to use the console
There is no built in wifi with this console.  Only the new slims have built in wifi.  These units you will either need direct line with ethernet cord or need a wireless adapter for it to work.
Forza horizon crisis 2 the walking dead shadow of mordor battlefield 3 assassins creed rogue saints row 4 brink call of duty ghost call of duty modern warfare assassins creed brotherhood batman Arkham origins halo 4 ghost recon advanced soldier darksiders 2
Please read the seller notes to confirm what is included as each seller may provide a different bundle.
Yes, along with the power box and video cable cord.
Hi Tanya!It will come with the standard Xbox 360 headset, but does not come with an Xbox live code.
Yes,  this game most definitely does play in Windows 7.
My copy works with 8.1
As this is a computer game, there is no need to hook this up to your TV.  Now if you have a screen no bigger than a watch face then I'd say if your able to hook that up to your TV then most definitely do it.  I run this on my laptop and it's just fine.  Enjoy!
yes
Yes, the color of the Xbox doesn't matter.  My Xbox is a Ryse (Black) and this cord still works just perfectly on it.
It's a little over 3 feet. I was disappointed since the last one I had was longer.
No they are not they are cheap knock offs spend a couple more dollars and get the real deal unless you want a 3 foot cable that is the cheapest quality
yes it will work without it
Probably not
It doesn't work on pc
This isn't really a question
Not sure what you mean by clips?If you mean to plug into the box or the PC then the answer is NO. It can plug right into the box and PC nothing else needed.
Yes
Hello;I actually order two of these CAT5 cables, one 50Ft and one 100Ft and both were in excellent condition. No rips, exposed wire, etc. The couplings are securely attached to the wire, professionally. I installed the 50Ft in my house and it works perfectly on my computer/DVR/and XBox. The 100Ft I've yet to install, but it is in perfect condition.
"Do you mean ""Is the router within 30 feet away?"""
Yes it is true that hooking up your Xbox to your router with a cord is better and faster the wireless. I have my router right next to my Xbox one and xbox 360. I have tried it wireless and the connection drops alot more. And the beautiful thing is if you have a problem, most of the time just unplugging the ethernet cable and plugging it back in fixes it. Also reseting your router orunplugging it and plugging it back in helps as well. The choice is always corded even for controllers that on mila second makes all the difference.
It works on my PC and Xbox 360 and on my tv box so I don't see y wouldn't work on ur ps3
Yes
I use it to connect my computer to the router. As long as your smart TV accepts ethernet cords you're good to go.
John,i own a plain old  PS2& the HDE PS PS2 USB Dual Controller  doesn't work with it..So ,my answer  would be I don't think so
Yeah, I've 8.1 and it works.
No
Yes it does. Im using windows 8 and it works perfect but i had to download scp-ds3 package driver for it to work with emulators
Yes, it works on win 8 64 bit, and win 7 64 bit.
I don't think it will.  The device was designed for PC's in general.  If your XBox360 is hacked in some way, it probably could be used to play PS1 games...though honestly most emulators don't support force feedback for DualShock controllers.It does vibrate quite well when the drivers are installed and when you are playing a PC game that supports force feedback.
I'm not certain, but I don't see why that wouldn't work. I'd be very surprised if it didn't. Edit: Okay, I looked into this for you, and now I don't think it will. Apparently, PS1 multitaps do not work when used on a PS2. Since this device is for connecting PS2 controllers, chances are it wouldn't work. I bet a PS2 multitap would work just fine, though.
It works great with wired gamepads on my USB 2.0 systems.
Yes, works with win7, I haven't tested it with win8. But i would think it works fine. Its plug and play.
I tried it on my ps2 (fat)and it does not work so i doubt itll work for the slimon the other hand thank you i,you gave me a reason to whip that bad boy out
They are stereo headphones. Your sound card probably has something that simulates surround. Mine does. Very good headphones.
I didn't know there was a color difference. I purchased the ones pictured and they are awesome
If you're using the USB, yes.  If you're using the headphone jack on your computer for them, no.
For flat and accurate sound it's up with the best. It's not the most ideal for bassy music but it will hit all the notes. The Xonar is good, these are only 32 ohm and can be powered by most sources.
The DT 880 doesn't have a mic, so if you have a decent external one, you should be covered. But personally I always prefer a full set. Their prices are almost the same, so I think you should go with gaming, IF you will use it as gaming headset.
I have used these with and with a USB DAC dongle, plugged straight into the soundcard with 3.5mm and on multiple operating systems and I have never been able to hear myself speaking through the mic.
"No and no.  These headphones only have standard audio jack connectors (3.5mm plug with a 1/4"" adapter).  All the ""smarts"", if any, will come from whatever this is plugged in to."
I've owned about 5 headsets in the last 2 years. This has been the best headset I've found on the market when it comes to sound and mic quality. It does lack features like mic mute when boom is up and on can volume controls.
These will work with anything that outputs through a standard headphone jack.  That being said, these headphones sound best when used with a decent amplifier. Using just a headphone jack will allow for sound in your ears but the mic will require a dedicated mic jack in addition to the headphone jack to use the microphone.
you can buy it on steam for 29.99
Yep. It's a 32bit program, so you shouldn't have any issues.
Yep. I have W7Pro 64bit. No issues.
Yes! I have seen it work on Vista, 7, and 8.1. The computer I play it on is 64-bit Windows 7.
I wouldn't advise it. Since Microsoft servers do not support a lot of XP systems anymore. I suggest upgrading to Windows seven.I have Windows 7 Ultimate and a great video card. If you do this, make sure your power supply in your pc can handle a better video card.Otherwise, you can damage your system.
well an emulator is to mimick a console.  I know controllers work.  so I would assume it would work.  but if not you can get it to work with a 3rd party software like joy2pad or something.
nope...
Yes we can. Please order it and check our rate also
I am not sure Its a good game. I have Windows 7 Professional also new computer Alienware played older Computer.
NOP sadly in can only be booted from disc and the original servers from activision for blur doesn't work anymore, the onyl way to play online is with tunnglehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DP-ygfhSQA
Yes
You will need another cable to connect it. I had to buy another one too!
Yes
i believe it does
No
Says on box it works with any Xbox 360 console. I can not tell you about the ELITE 120 GB. minimum 190MB storage required hope this helps some
"To tell if a pokemon emerald game is fake , first look at the sticker on the game cartridge and see if it is holographic ( shiny ) , if it is NOT holographic then it is a fake and if it IS holographic it could still be a fake. Then turn on the game and try to load a saved game ( if the game does not have a save file on it , start a new one and save as soon as you can to make one should only take a minute ) , when you load the game and it says "" The save file will be loaded. The game can be played "" it IS a fake , if it does not say this and is shiny it most likely is a real game and the odds of it being fake are VERY very slim....but possible. The best and 100 percent accurate way to tell if it is a fake is by turning on the game and plant a berry to see if it grows in 3 hours , if it does not the game is a fake because the part that keeps track of time in the cartridge is not inside.



    To tell if a pokemon emerald game is fake , first look at the sticker on the game cartridge and see if it is holographic ( shiny ) , if it is NOT holographic then it is a fake and if it IS holographic it could still be a fake. Then turn on the game and try to load a saved game ( if the game does not have a save file on it , start a new one and save as soon as you can to make one should only take a minute ) , when you load the game and it says "" The save file will be loaded. The game can be played "" it IS a fake , if it does not say this and is shiny it most likely is a real...
      » 
Read More


   To tell if a pokemon emerald game is fake , first look at the sticker on the game cartridge and see if it is holographic ( shiny ) , if it is NOT holographic then it is a fake and if it IS holographic it could still be a fake. Then turn on the game and try to load a saved game ( if the game does not have a save file on it , start a new one and save as soon as you can to make one should only take a minute ) , when you load the game and it says "" The save file will be loaded. The game can be played "" it IS a fake , if it does not say this and is shiny it most likely is a real game and the odds of it being fake are VERY very slim....but possible. The best and 100 percent accurate way to tell if it is a fake is by turning on the game and plant a berry to see if it grows in 3 hours , if it does not the game is a fake because the part that keeps track of time in the cartridge is not inside.
      « 

Show Less"
Pokemon Emerald has a similar plot to that of Ruby/Sapphire, however there are some key differences: In Ruby/Sapphire the main antagonist is either team aqua/magma but in Emerald you both are equally dubious, also there are different gym leaders and E4 members. So no they don't have the same plot.
if you order a gameboy cartridge like this game it will be able to work on the ds gameboy slot they are the same
It looks real to me
You can play it on the gameboy advance, gameboy advance SP, nintendo DS, or nintendo DS light
Yes in fact the multiplayer mode in COD has always been one of the best features of the game. You do need a stable internet connection though. Hope this helps.
It is violent. A lot of shooting and killing people. Online can be very graphic and people are very profane. In my opinion, no, it's not acceptable for a 9 year old. If my son was 9, I wouldn't allow him to play it.
Stylized realistic violence, foul language, lots of blood and the occasional torture scene with mass destruction. I wouldn't suggest this for a child under the age of 15. I would also say that unless you believe your child is mature enough to separate reality from fiction that you supervise their time spent gaming
yes but that would be in the settings on the console just go to setting and go to system from their go to console settings and turn on family settings that will make it so their will be no blood I hope this helped you
Yes if you don't have online then you can play bots, there are plenty of YouTube videos showing.
You unlock everything by a point system that you gain slowly throughout the game. You have to save enough points to unlock each iteam that you want.
If you want to play online ,Yes u need xbox live , but if u just play campaign or single player than no u don't need xbox live
Yes the multiplayer is 2 player split screen and you can also play online multiplayer on one TV with 2 people split screen.
The key from the cd box is all you need for founders status.When entering the key remember to enter it backwards as well for an additional mount.
That it does. Additionally, you can enter the code backwards to get some additional goodies after you register your copy.
you have to have internet to play this game. it's like WoW without the fee
You need a physical copy
"This indeed has the code for the ""Founder"" status that gives 8 character slots, full bank tab, a mout for each character.But beware as it's the code for the NA version for TERA enmasse, so if you want to code for enmasse get it, but if ur looking for the EUropean version it's not this one."
Account wide
If the question is whether the NA version is the same as the EU version, the answer is yes....it is just a different set of servers and of course a different set of players.  I have played on both and it is the same ga.e.
Yes updates and patches are downloaded once you create an account and log in. Expect at least a few hours of patching on your first login since there have been quite a few big updates since the original release.
Depends on what your goal is. If you're just playing through the game normally, it could take a couple/few hours.100% completion is a different story...
It's most likely because Nintendo is no longer having new copies of this game printed. Once a game goes out of print, it's value as a new, sealed copy tends to increase.
No, it can only be played on the Wii U
You can play one player with it, but to play four players you need controllers. You can still use the gamepad as a fifth player but cannot use any characters in game.
In my opinion super mario 3d world is superior but this game is still a pretty fun game, especially when playing with others.
yes you can,  the only combination isnt available is using two gampads
You can use any mix of gamepad, wiimote, and WiiU pro.
Hi, I do not have a PS4 but from what I've read on the internet there are compatibility issues of PS3 remote with the PS4, so this may not work on PS4. You could email the manufacturer at -pcsupport@smkusa.com - to get a specific reply. Hope this helps.
Yea u can record the buttons from tha remote u got from  with your box http://youtu.be/ULQTU2RAQOY
Does not require your original TV remote unless you need to program specific buttons to your universal remote.
Yes
Yes
Line of sight for rf devices but bluetooth for ps3 connection goes through the wall.
Yes
They aren't very long. We have to sit on the floor to play or pull a chair close to the game system.
My experience using it on a flatscreen wasn't very good. The color was different than the original and the sound wasn't as good. The retro nes only last me about 2 weeks and then it stopped working.
i haven't noticed any noticeable delay.this system is very glitchy, keep in mind that the games have age as well. this system is cool but very, very poor quality.
Yes it is portable . Take it right back where you bought it from .if its like mine a piece of junk.worked literally one time . Sitting in my shed now can't get money back don't have the heart to throw away.
av jacks. no converter.  plug and play
Ours works perfectly.
I have Mario bros the first 1 and the 2nd and the 3rd. Along with duck hunt and Dr mario. They all play great. I don't know about being able to use the original game controllers. The ones that come with the system are great.
Hello,You need the cartidges to play.  It does not come with preloaded games.
I can say mine did and I have a couple of their games to include mario party's
No, u have to connect it to the wii remote
Yes I does and your better off with it than the wiimote
Some
The Wii Classic Controller Pro is mostly for Virtual Console games, and the GameCube controllers are only for GameCube games being played on the Wii.
No
No, it only works for the Wii...
No
Yes
I have windows 8 and it runs fine on mine.  I play almost every day.
I have this disk and I was able to download both.  I can't remember if I had to download one and then the other or if they downloaded together. but I have both downloaded.  I'm sorry but I don't have any solution at this time.
Yes, unless it is a xl 3DS
fits real tight. I returned it
No
No, it does not.
Yes
No it will not.
Battlefield bad company 2, was an awesome game. Enjoyed it way better than I thought. So I bought battlefield 3. That game was great and intense, I really liked that one as well. If I had to choose between the two it's a hard call. With today's gadgets for war and to match call of duty I'd go with battlefield 3. Just stay away from battlefield 4, Geez a waste of money and time.
My son, to whom this game belongs, says he doesn't think you can get one on a used game. Bear in mind, though, he is 13 and may not know what he is talking about. We have a used game store in our town. If it were me, I'd call that store and see if they had any advice - do you have anything like that where you live?
Yes. It includes a multiplayer section along with the single player campaing. See it for yourself on the follow youtube link: Battlefield 3 - Multiplayer Gameplay Trailer: http://youtu.be/FRqfFfuVuNE
"Xbox game discs only work with Xbox consoles that are sold in the same region.For example, if you purchase an Xbox 360 console in North America, you cannot play game discs that are sold in Europe or in Asia. An Xbox 360 console that is sold in Europe can only play game discs that are sold in Europe, and an Xbox 360 console that is sold in Asia can only play game discs that are sold in Asia.It is not possible to make an Xbox 360 from one region play discs that were produced for another region.Back to the topTHINGS TO TRY1. Determine whether the game disc is from the same region as the region where you purchased the Xbox console. To verify the region, view the back of the game package. Look for a one of the following codes: * NTSC: North America and South America (United States, Canada, Mexico, Chile, and Brazil)* NTSC-J: Asia (Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and Taiwan)* PAL: Europe, South Africa, India, Australia, and New Zealand2. If this symptom occurs with only one or two discs, search the Microsoft Knowledge Base for the specific game title or titles. If you find a known problem, follow the information that is discussed in the article.3. If this behavior occurs with only one or two discs, and no known problem exists, return the disc or discs to the retail store where you made the purchase.4. Turn off and unplug your console, remove the Hard Disk Drive unit and any attached Memory Units, and then reconnect your console. Try the disc again. If this appears to resolve the issue, turn off and disconnect your console, re-attach the HDD and MU, and then delete any saved games for the game title in question.



    Xbox game discs only work with Xbox consoles that are sold in the same region.For example, if you purchase an Xbox 360 console in North America, you cannot play game discs that are sold in Europe or in Asia. An Xbox 360 console that is sold in Europe can only play game discs that are sold in Europe, and an Xbox 360 console that is sold in Asia can only play game discs that are sold in Asia.It is not possible to make an Xbox 360 from one region play discs that were produced for another region.Back to the topTHINGS TO TRY1. Determine whether the...
      » 
Read More


   Xbox game discs only work with Xbox consoles that are sold in the same region.For example, if you purchase an Xbox 360 console in North America, you cannot play game discs that are sold in Europe or in Asia. An Xbox 360 console that is sold in Europe can only play game discs that are sold in Europe, and an Xbox 360 console that is sold in Asia can only play game discs that are sold in Asia.It is not possible to make an Xbox 360 from one region play discs that were produced for another region.Back to the topTHINGS TO TRY1. Determine whether the game disc is from the same region as the region where you purchased the Xbox console. To verify the region, view the back of the game package. Look for a one of the following codes: * NTSC: North America and South America (United States, Canada, Mexico, Chile, and Brazil)* NTSC-J: Asia (Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and Taiwan)* PAL: Europe, South Africa, India, Australia, and New Zealand2. If this symptom occurs with only one or two discs, search the Microsoft Knowledge Base for the specific game title or titles. If you find a known problem, follow the information that is discussed in the article.3. If this behavior occurs with only one or two discs, and no known problem exists, return the disc or discs to the retail store where you made the purchase.4. Turn off and unplug your console, remove the Hard Disk Drive unit and any attached Memory Units, and then reconnect your console. Try the disc again. If this appears to resolve the issue, turn off and disconnect your console, re-attach the HDD and MU, and then delete any saved games for the game title in question.
      « 

Show Less"
The disc is locked for USA used only.
Yes it DOES!!!
It actually does strip the HDCP content, I record HDMI with HDCP and without the splitter I cannot record, with the splitter I can!
I'm not sure you can, this seems to be the revised version. To my knowledge Amazon was threatened w/ a lawsuit from I'm not sure who but according to the reps at Elgato capture selling HDMI strippers as the action itself was illegal. I'm not sure if that somehow affects your situation but the ones I purchased also didn't work but for a few hrs.
Not unless your computer has the option to extend its display.  Even so the two tv's would show the same image as this is a splitter...
no idea
I am not sure how you intend to use it with Chromecast.  Are you intending to split the signal received by the Chromecast dongle?  I would assume that it would work fine but I could be wrong.    The Sanoxy unit worked well the HDMI output of my receiver to take it to two TV's.
I don't know. I'm using HDMI male to male from computer to two HD TVs. Sorry.
"I agree with Duc. All the latest mechanical keyboards use the same switches from Cherry, so they're give the same basic feel. In terms of price, the Razer keyboards, which use Cherry MX Blue switches seem the best and combined with the macro software is a rather great choice. I have two Filco Majestouch keyboards, one with Cherry MX Brown (tactile, but not clicky) and one with Cherry MX Blue (tactile + clicky) switches. In my opinion, I feel that the Cherry MX Brown switches are better for typing, but they're easier to fat finger, Blues are better for gaming as it's harder to mistype a key. The only thing is Cherry MX Brown switches are harder to come by in the US, but both Filco, which are now purchasable on Amazon via a merchant and the Das S Silent utilize said switches.



    I agree with Duc. All the latest mechanical keyboards use the same switches from Cherry, so they're give the same basic feel. In terms of price, the Razer keyboards, which use Cherry MX Blue switches seem the best and combined with the macro software is a rather great choice. I have two Filco Majestouch keyboards, one with Cherry MX Brown (tactile, but not clicky) and one with Cherry MX Blue (tactile + clicky) switches. In my opinion, I feel that the Cherry MX Brown switches are better for typing, but they're easier to fat finger, Blues are better for gaming as it's harder to mistype a key....
      » 
Read More


   I agree with Duc. All the latest mechanical keyboards use the same switches from Cherry, so they're give the same basic feel. In terms of price, the Razer keyboards, which use Cherry MX Blue switches seem the best and combined with the macro software is a rather great choice. I have two Filco Majestouch keyboards, one with Cherry MX Brown (tactile, but not clicky) and one with Cherry MX Blue (tactile + clicky) switches. In my opinion, I feel that the Cherry MX Brown switches are better for typing, but they're easier to fat finger, Blues are better for gaming as it's harder to mistype a key. The only thing is Cherry MX Brown switches are harder to come by in the US, but both Filco, which are now purchasable on Amazon via a merchant and the Das S Silent utilize said switches.
      « 

Show Less"
Supposively they are Cherry blues, but they fail so often in this keyboard that I'm not convinced this information is true. Had three of them, all three had their switches fail after about a month. I have three other keyboards with Cherry switches and none of them has that problem.
The only back light there is on this keyboard is the Razor logo. It's only Blue, but you can turn it off, make it pulsate on and off or just have it in a solid state.
No, this is the non backlit one. the blue razer icon is lit though
No, they come with 2 double A (AA) alkaline batteries. The rechargeable battery pack and charging cable is an additional $20. That's for any controller, old or new.
sorry, I didn't receive this item.
There is a small black button on the console above the USB port that you push. Then you press the sync button on the controller as well and they should sync
Nope, it only works for xbox 360 console.
No
Since I don't have a play-and-charge kit, the following is my informed opinion. Yes, it will work assuming you have the rechargeable batteries installed in the controller. I looked at the bottom/back of my wireless controller and noted it has the input for this (http://www.xbox.com/en-US/xbox360/accessories/batterieschargers/xbox360playchargekit). Finally, this is from Xbox 360's support page describing the use of the kit: http://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-360/accessories/how-to-use-xbox-360-play-and-charge-kit. Hope this helps.
"The controller works with pretty much any emu you use. i had a little trouble getting kega fusion to recognize it, but after switching the controller to direct input and restarting the emulator, it finally workedp.s., if you haven't bought the controller yet, don't. it's plagued with latency and connection issues. don't be convinced by all the 5 star reviews on this site. do some forum research on google and you'll know what im talking about. as long as you're directly in front of the reciever, no more than 6 feet away, with absolutely no objects in the line of sight between controller and receiver, you'll be fine.



    The controller works with pretty much any emu you use. i had a little trouble getting kega fusion to recognize it, but after switching the controller to direct input and restarting the emulator, it finally workedp.s., if you haven't bought the controller yet, don't. it's plagued with latency and connection issues. don't be convinced by all the 5 star reviews on this site. do some forum research on google and you'll know what im talking about. as long as you're directly in front of the reciever, no more than 6 feet away, with absolutely no objects in the line of sight between...
      » 
Read More


   The controller works with pretty much any emu you use. i had a little trouble getting kega fusion to recognize it, but after switching the controller to direct input and restarting the emulator, it finally workedp.s., if you haven't bought the controller yet, don't. it's plagued with latency and connection issues. don't be convinced by all the 5 star reviews on this site. do some forum research on google and you'll know what im talking about. as long as you're directly in front of the reciever, no more than 6 feet away, with absolutely no objects in the line of sight between controller and receiver, you'll be fine.
      « 

Show Less"
It works great. If you want to map the buttons, use xboxdrv. It's in the Ubuntu main repository.
Extremely close to ps3 size. Handle angles seem a tad different but no complaints. Good weight also
There are pre-set configurations for the most popular games available with the software drivers. Once you load the pre-configured layout you can customize it.
2 AA batteries.
Wired, I think.
Works perfectly!
Yes I my f710 is currently running on Windows 8.1. It works well you just may need to go to the Logitech website to download the driver specifically for Windows 8.1.
Yes, actually i use it with windows 7 64bits , buuuuut, you have to download the drivers from the web , windows doesn't recognize it automatically.
Yes it works on PC. The gas and brake aren't very accurate though.
It works with other nascar games,  it works very well.
yes and perfectly I should add,you might have to customise your controller in settings I dont rember
"I have the same issue unfortunately and haven't been able to resolve it.  I got a message via Amazon asking if I could answer this question.  I jumped on it because I do have this issue, but when I initially got the steering wheel, the foot pedals did work.  In fact, they worked until I started messing around with the settings on screen when I was trying out different configurations of the buttons and pedals.  The pedals stopped working and I've never been able to get them working again, even after resetting the buttons to factory settings.  I would advise doing a warranty return if you're unable to get the pedals working.  Sorry I can't offer more help.



    I have the same issue unfortunately and haven't been able to resolve it. I got a message via Amazon asking if I could answer this question. I jumped on it because I do have this issue, but when I initially got the steering wheel, the foot pedals did work. In fact, they worked until I started messing around with the settings on screen when I was trying out different configurations of the buttons and pedals. The pedals stopped working and I've never been able to get them working again, even after resetting the buttons to factory settings. I would advise doing a warranty return if you're...
      » 
Read More


   I have the same issue unfortunately and haven't been able to resolve it.  I got a message via Amazon asking if I could answer this question.  I jumped on it because I do have this issue, but when I initially got the steering wheel, the foot pedals did work.  In fact, they worked until I started messing around with the settings on screen when I was trying out different configurations of the buttons and pedals.  The pedals stopped working and I've never been able to get them working again, even after resetting the buttons to factory settings.  I would advise doing a warranty return if you're unable to get the pedals working.  Sorry I can't offer more help.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it does, im playing on it right now! It plays all ps3 racing games.
Hmm let's see it fits well on our TV tray made of wood standard size TV tray that's what we use it in when my daughter and I play driving games. 11 inches wide, 8 inches tall and 9 inches from front to back. It's sturdy too.
Yes it seems to work with all of our games
Local multiplayer allows for 4 players, using splitscreen.
Insert disc, press user1or user2,you should see the shape  of the controller at the top of the screen with the word'' game' below it ,and  you should hear music in the background ,also  the image of  mator  the tow truck , then press X on your controller to startAnother way...after seeing the image of Mator,press the triangle button on the controller,then the start button should appear at the middle of the screen then press X on the controller  to start
Si, esta en español España.
the game is good for children and alot of fun
No you don't a ps3 controller works just fine :)
It is not linked to amazon. They email You the code and then you can give that code to anyone you want
Yes you will receive the code via email once the payment process is complete.  Usually it takes only 5 minutes to receive the email.
Hmmm I think you do, but also I think that they don't verify that in this kind of purchases (digital ones)
"Just so I'm clear, you bought a $20 PSN code on Amazon but when you try to redeem it on the PSN store it says that it is no longer valid.Try going to the online PSN store here: https://store.sonyentertainmentnetwork.com/#!/en-us/home/games , after signing it with you PSN ID click on your account name in the upper-right of the screen and go to redeem code. Try doing a copy/paste from the code Amazon gave you. You'll have to copy/paste the 3 parts separately, xxxx-xxxx-xxxx, the PSN store won't let you do all 12 characters at once. If that doesn't work try contacting Playstation Customer Support here: https://support.us.playstation.com/app/contact_options



    Just so I'm clear, you bought a $20 PSN code on Amazon but when you try to redeem it on the PSN store it says that it is no longer valid.Try going to the online PSN store here: https://store.sonyentertainmentnetwork.com/#!/en-us/home/games , after signing it with you PSN ID click on your account name in the upper-right of the screen and go to redeem code. Try doing a copy/paste from the code Amazon gave you. You'll have to copy/paste the 3 parts separately, xxxx-xxxx-xxxx, the PSN store won't let you do all 12 characters at once. If that doesn't work try contacting...
      » 
Read More


   Just so I'm clear, you bought a $20 PSN code on Amazon but when you try to redeem it on the PSN store it says that it is no longer valid.Try going to the online PSN store here: https://store.sonyentertainmentnetwork.com/#!/en-us/home/games , after signing it with you PSN ID click on your account name in the upper-right of the screen and go to redeem code. Try doing a copy/paste from the code Amazon gave you. You'll have to copy/paste the 3 parts separately, xxxx-xxxx-xxxx, the PSN store won't let you do all 12 characters at once. If that doesn't work try contacting Playstation Customer Support here: https://support.us.playstation.com/app/contact_options
      « 

Show Less"
You can use your payment of choice to purchase this Gift Card. If you are unsure what your payment mode is I suggest checking your 1-Click Order settings to verify.All of my purchases of this where using my credit card, and never had a problem.
Yes, you can.
No, tenes que crear una cuenta en estados unidos para poder usar la gift card ! Saludos desde Guatemala !
If you are using Amazon app you will get an email if not there will be a pop up with your code
I think it would not work. Just add your credit card information to your Mexican PSN account and you should be fine.
Not sure!  I gave it to my son for a christmas gift.  He was able to use it right away without having to go purchase cables or anything.  They love it.
Yes it does!!
As long as you buy a second cord for the guitar, you should be able to play with two people and two separate guitars.
yes
All ages can play this game. When in game play the game will adjust it's difficulty automatically  to a level comfortable enough for the player.
Yes
Any guitar, or bass, that will plug in can be used.
It connects via mini usb cable (what ti 84 uses), and i have used it for gameboy/snes emulators successfully.
They basically work on any emulator that you can remap your controls to. I have not once had a problem using it with any emulator.
That is something that I don't know. I don't own a tablet. However, I'll let you know that the controller has a USB plug-in. If your tablet has that, it just might work. The great thing about Amazon is that if it doesn't work out as planned--they are really fantastic about taking returns without quibbling. :D Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
My experience with it is that it doesn't work..period. I would go with a different controller.
Yes, my Wii Remote and nun-chuck works great on the Wii U and is one of the main alternative controlling options for most Wii U games.
Yes you can. Wii U is backwards compatible and plays all Wii games. It is also compatible with all Wii controllers and accessories.
I know this is an old question, but it's voted high, so for future reference, you can't use an SD card to store Wii U data, but you can easily use an external hard drive, or even a flash drive/memory stick for Wii U data storage.
"the ""8gbs"" is really just for stuff you downloadso unless you download all your games, it should not be a problem"
Console, controller, hdmi cord, power cable, sensor bar.  No games.
It is not backwards compatible with gamecube games, only Wii games.  A GameCube game would probably break your Wii u.  Most of the original wiis are GameCube backwards compatible with GameCube controller ports.  The controller, not unless you have the GameCube controller adapter
Yes the game pad has a red case on it.
It's the wii only without the skylanders swap force bundle
Absolutely. I recommend that you play the story mode of Halo 4 first because this will help you become familiar with the controls. It will also introduce you to all of the weapons and vehicles
No, sir. That would prove impossible. Halo is available only for Microsoft XBOX 360. I would vote to have it on my iPad, though I'd guess Microsoft would have a fit if their competitor were to posses their precious game. Hope this helps!
no single player you can  do locally from your house but to do multiplayer you will need a online live card,*Online multiplayer and Spartan Ops missions require Xbox LIVE Gold membership (sold separately).
Yes, 2 players Co-op.
As long as you pay your monthly subscription to Xbox live you can play online.
No.
Yes. This comes with a free DLC code as we'll.
No pack, however it does have a zombies node ready to play when you start.
Yes
It was bought for my grandson. It was the actual game
yes
M means mature content Violence's and graphic language this game has both
Well COD: Black Ops has quite a lot of foul language and its based on the idea that at war people curse a lot.
"I do not use Win 8 as of yet. From what I have heard there is a compatibility issue trying to run it on Win 8. However you could download and install ""VMWARE player"" and if you have a copy of Winxp, you can install it after installing VMWARE. It is a pretty cool program. I have tested it out and was quite impressed by it. You may have to buy the program though once your trial period ends."
Good Question something I'd like to know as well. However you can buy all these on GOG.com DRM Free and you can burn them to a cd/dvd. They come with installer and everything.  just go here to check it out--> http://www.gog.com/catalogue/strategy
Anyone? Bueller? Bueller?
The first person that gets a house will be Mayor and can have 3 more people move in.
No! The game is mostly plotless honestly. Its very relaxing and the goals that one can obtain within the game require no alternative knowledges from previous versions!
can you play ps3 games on your psx?
Yes. It is possible for you both to play on one game card. However, the game saves to the cartridge, not the actual system itself. Therefore, you will have to share the same town. The only problem is that one of you will be the mayor, and the other will be a resident in the town. It doesnt affect much except your ability to create public works projects and create ordinances, really something the two of you can discuss in person and work out in the real world. Other than that, the game will be almost identical, except for some of the villagers not calling you the mayor.
I feel as though age varies with this game (and previous versions). I am 22 and love playing AC, and have since I was 12. All age groups can play given that it doesn't have a difficult story line or controls. I would even venture to say that children as young as 7 or 8 could play AC. Hope this helps a little.
I haven't been playing for long but I reckon its fine for all ages :) hope this helps
Yes it does
Yes. All DS games as well as all 3DS games will play on a 2DS.
Yes
open your 360 and read the label on the drive to see which Manufacturer and model # you need before you order the drive
Yes, I have two different 360 Xbox's I changed over with the above unit. one had P/N X800474-010 the other unit X800474-008.
You should have disassembled you SLIM and determined the exact drive before you ordered.  Other than that don't have a clue.
There are a couple different models so you want to make sure you order the right one
Phat 360
Yes
if u bought games on line than the mother boeard in th disk drive has to be paired to the one in the x box or you'll never be able to log in to e box live well x-box live wont let u log in unless the mother board in the disk drive is paired to the 1 in your x box. reprograming is extensive work, or just swap out the electronics & soilder the connections...problemed solved or u could be banned from x box live 4 life on the unit dont freak if its simple... otherwise you'll just be playing dvds
Oh heck no there is some weenie circuit board on the original drive that needs to match the your xbox.  Read up on this for sure.  I just sold the old xbox 360 and got the new xbox 360e which is real nice.
That is why I got this remote: I use my 360 almost exclusively as a WMC extender. If you mean, can it control WMC directly on a PC -no.
Press the play/pause-symbols button to stop (pause) the recording playback; press the back button to return to the Recorded TV screen, and back again to return to the main media center screen.
IR
It controls our whole tv once we programmed it to the tv. Which wasn't too difficult. I don't even use my tv remote any more, I just use this one.
Yes. If I'm not paying a game on the Xbox, I'm using this remote to navigate just for convenience. If you can get around with the cursor you can do it with the remote.
No. It only controls the Xbox or the TV. No audio controls unless it is on the TV.
From what I see on the box that would be a no.  Thank you and have a great day.
Technically no, because XBOX One doesn't have Windows Media Center Extender.  However, I would assume the power, A/B/X/Y, etc. buttons would work.
No, you have to install the game on your computer it requires a certain amount of space on your hard drive ..see product for details on that. That's how computer games work. If you want a pop it in and play version , look for it on Xbox
Yeah, it worked for me!
As far as I know after looking at the packaging and the discs themselves they are just the standard retail releases. Also If you buy this make sure to try and install the second game when the collection arrives because my Assassins Creed 2 disc wouldn't even install or autorun and its been an issue many others have had.
I don't have an Xbox so I don't know about using the controllers, but you can play fine with just the keyboard and mouse!
mine was 1 for both
No
If you go here http://www.game-debate.com/games/index.php?g_id=18&game;=Assassins%20Creed you can find the information you need. There is also a calculator that allows you to enter your PC info into and the result is your custom answer.
Yes
Yes it works on my windows on my windows 8 laptop
"I have no idea. I bought the physical copy and it is not linked to Steam, but another program called ""Uplay"". It wanted the key codes entered there. And in my review I mentioned that I only received one key code instead of two."
my son uses his on a DS lite
What do you mean?
It depends because many 3ds games don't have codes for them but some do
No. For that you will need to purchase the powersaves 3DS
yes!
Yes it does very well worked for game I needed.
It works on all ds games. If you want something for 3ds games, get power save. But if it's regular ds games, get this.
Yes, I had Windows 8 and it worked great. Upgraded to 8.1 and still works great.
"I do not know. Bring it up on the internet or call a games store. It is on The back of the box. I returned the game because it would not work on my computer. You have to have ""steam"" to install it."
the physical copy comes with a steam download so you can play it on the desktop or on steam i play mine off of steam and my desktop version remains untouched
no the dlc for game of the year includes new factions such as the Inca and Polynesians and a few more and the explorers map pack
You have to use Steam to play this game.
It does come with a code for the game. And it installs a program where you can play against other people. So I would say yes, the code allows you to play other people online, if that is what you are asking.
I am Not sure if I understand the question but I'll try to answer. I use the hard copy to load the game and it also loaded esteem function that allows me to save to the cloud. Once the game was loaded I didn't use the disc anymore.
That pretty much means you need to have the base game, I believe. The Sims 3 Pets is just an add-on, it isn't the game itself.
It depends on you. Do you like playing witches, werewolves, etc. Or do you like working with pets? I personally would prefer supernatural. As I enjoy playing with supernatural characters. My personal recommendation is to purchase both, as they both compliment one another
No it doesn't have the base game the only ep that come with the base game is the starter pack one that also include late night and a stuff pack
Yes
The Origin software that is downloaded when you install your Sims 3 (may be different if you store bought the Sims 3) will automatically download this when you enter in the code provided with your download. If the download did not complete properly or was interrupted you may have to re-download. If you cannot install after double checking your install, contact the seller.
I couldn't get mine to fully download at all. I'd recommend ordering the actual disk or going to a store that would sell the game disk
I have Windows 7 and it works, if that answers your question.  It's phrased a little funny so I'm not too sure what you mean.
No, it's not censored. At least, being half way through I have not seen a censored screen. All the probing is there. I think only EU, AU, and Africa are censored.
It doesn't come with a manual. You learn everything you need to know to play the game while playing. (there might be a digital manual on the disc) It does come with a code insert for extra outfits.
This is a PS3 game, so far the PS4 is not backwards compatible for previous console games.
Red
I have not checked, but normally they are included.According to my information:Features Menus and Interface in - English, Francais, Espanol, Deutsch, Portugues and ItalianoFeatures Subtitles in - English, Francais, Espanol, Deutsch, Portugues and ItalianoFeatures Voice overs in - EnglishLike I'm French, I confirm the support of the French language in menus and subtitles
Yes it has multilanguage, but the audio is always english.
It is rated M (ie for adults) for its content.  If you allow your kids to watch the TV show, you'll find the equivalent level of content (language, ethnic jokes, etc.). The violence level is on par with what you see in the show as well.It is definitely not meant for kids, but it is really up to what you're comfortable with.
No and yes..No because it's same game . yes because  you know when something  is new  when  used  it can be buyers  beware.
I don't know for sure, but it would probably work. I would think it would be harder to overlay on the screen though, since you use the buttons on the right to line up the film before you place it.
Original... The slim version didn't even exist by the time I bought this product.
This kit is made for the original PS Vita. Ear buds sound great, pocket pouch fits perfect and snug.
Yep that's what I bought it for.  Works good for a thin sided carrying case
Yes the Vita fits perfect in the soft cover case. The cards fit in the hard case that comes with this kit.
The difficulty isnt because its challenging and it doesnt come from a learning curve.  The difficulty in DS2 in contrast to DS1 is due to the lack of refinement in programing the controls, hit boxes and enemy A.I.  In other words, its cheap.
I felt like it was faster paced and smoother. They did take away the kick and added some stupid shield break which is almost useless. If you where obsessed with DS1 then you should definitely play DS2. It's for sure an upgrade.
no its a single player game, but there is a lot of features that require an internet connection. caps lock is cruise control for cool
No, It has only a online mode where you can play but not in private, some player can put a signal on the floor and you can invoke the spirit of him for your help.
Yes, Spanish subs.
you can, you can get health regain rings, the problem with the game I found not to my liking is that if you die, you start with less health compared to other games that you start with full health, the game is really difficult for me even at normal mode
Be wary of recklessness
"Impossible to say what causes lost connection as the message on screen does not tell you - it just says ""lost connection"" so can be any type of fault (you or them)"
No I don't think.but the first one was great I would give it a shot
"Yes, Yes, Yes.I played the game for 3 hours, saved and turned the console off. When I turned the game back on all my ""money"" or souls were gone and I was back to the beginning. So unless you have time to kill, F this game."
I hope it isn't where in the United States. Everybody should know and speak English in this country.
Because of the misuse of improper footwear in a apocalyptic society gone awry. The amount of gangrene that the two players should have died from due to not taking the time to show proper footwear usage and choices is just appalling. The ESRB saw this and thought about how many kids could be influenced by this game and wear wrong shoes and die an early age so they slapped an M on it. Oh and the violence, blood and cursing as well attributed to the M.
"There are subtitles. Being not native English speaker I'm still using them myself... You will loose some atmosphere definitely because of not being able to hear surroundings which are done in absolutely amazing way :(.. But I still think you will enjoy it and the game provides ""high awareness"" mode when the hero ""hear"" through walls (you both hear the sounds on long distances *and* see the silhouettes through obstacles) - so should be good to go."
"Survival Edition is a collector's item. (I'm pretty sure) it comes with a statuette and the Pandemic Edition also comes with ""The Art of The Last of Us"". Hope I helped!"
Yes. This game is rated 17+ for everything from violence and language to gore and nudity. This is an extremely dark game that is aimed towards a mature audience.
It has multiplayer modes but the single player storyline game is solo.
I really do not know.  My son (in his 30's) is the family game and electronics guru and requested this game as a gift.  Sorry I could not be informative!
Its not that their scary per say just really creepy and they do jump scares which scared me.
"I don't really know how to answer your question other than it's an awesome zombie game with a great storyline.  I looked up the list of best PS3 games and ""The Last of Us"" was like number 5, 1 being the best and the list was like 50 games long if that tells you something.  Just buy it.  I don't buy into the whole buying the new game console or cell as soon as it comes out thing until I have to like when the iPhone 3g no longer could get internet cuz the IOS changed.  Plus with the PS4 I don't want to have to re buy all my games, I'll wait till they stop making games for PS3 and I run out of new to me games to play then at that time I'll buy a PS4 plus it will have come down in cost a lot by then as well.  So I can't really tell you anything about anything PS4 related other than unlike when the PS3 came out there was a version of the console where you could still play PS2 games on it, the PS4 doesn't have that and I think that's stupid and that they are just trying to get more money out of people.  But the other guy who answered said the game will be released on PS4 this year so if you are one of those people who just have to always have the newest thing out all the time then there you go.



    I don't really know how to answer your question other than it's an awesome zombie game with a great storyline. I looked up the list of best PS3 games and ""The Last of Us"" was like number 5, 1 being the best and the list was like 50 games long if that tells you something. Just buy it. I don't buy into the whole buying the new game console or cell as soon as it comes out thing until I have to like when the iPhone 3g no longer could get internet cuz the IOS changed. Plus with the PS4 I don't want to have to re buy all my games, I'll wait till they stop making games for PS3 and I run...
      » 
Read More


   I don't really know how to answer your question other than it's an awesome zombie game with a great storyline.  I looked up the list of best PS3 games and ""The Last of Us"" was like number 5, 1 being the best and the list was like 50 games long if that tells you something.  Just buy it.  I don't buy into the whole buying the new game console or cell as soon as it comes out thing until I have to like when the iPhone 3g no longer could get internet cuz the IOS changed.  Plus with the PS4 I don't want to have to re buy all my games, I'll wait till they stop making games for PS3 and I run out of new to me games to play then at that time I'll buy a PS4 plus it will have come down in cost a lot by then as well.  So I can't really tell you anything about anything PS4 related other than unlike when the PS3 came out there was a version of the console where you could still play PS2 games on it, the PS4 doesn't have that and I think that's stupid and that they are just trying to get more money out of people.  But the other guy who answered said the game will be released on PS4 this year so if you are one of those people who just have to always have the newest thing out all the time then there you go.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
I'm just saying from my experience that it fried my turtle beaches and a racing wheel so I would use it
I'm gonna take a guess and probably not. I haven't bought a ps4 yet to find out sorry
The shell won't but the buttons and some trimming will. The wired and wireless shells are very different.Edit: actually the faceplate of the shell may fit but I am not certain as I don't own a wired but the back plat definitely won't
Yes, it comes with everything but the electronics.
Yes they fit. Is the exact same controller except for the Home button which is different color and doesnt have the X on it.
I just play fifa with it. Dont think it vibrates.
I assume that tried charging it for extended periods of time with no success?  I can only assume that you have a faulty product, since I haven't run into that issue yet and it can play for several before needing to charge it.
The controller can turn on by itself..you only plug in the reciever
"you still have to plug in the USB-drive-shape connector, then just push the ""analog"" button in the middle of the gamepad, it will turn on."
It came with rechargeable batteries.
That it is charging my turns blue when they are done.
It plug into an ac outlet.
No
http://youtu.be/PEd5iQlwimc, this shows how to set it up.
It did not connect with my PS3
I really don't think so since the headset and speakers are usually accesories that will pair with something else eg to a pc a console a car a phone etc, don't think these accesories will pair to one another then again i could be wrong safest bet would be using them both through a laptop.
Same here!! I never figured it out. Other folks were able to get it up and running but I was never able to. So sorry I can't be of any help.
It's Bluetooth. So, yeah.
This edition has both physical discs and download codes.Resident Evil 6, Resident Evil 6 Language Pack and Resident Evil Degeneration are physical discs.Resident Evil 4, Resident Evil Code Veronica X and Resident Evil 5 Gold Edition are download codes.
"I ordered the game on Aug. 28th 2014 even though I read a lot of comments mentioning that the dlc voucher is no longer valid (still thought two games for 20 bucks is a good deal even without all the extra stuff). So it was a nice surprise that I was still able to download all the dlc - the ""super voucher"" that came with it stated ""valid 06/15/2014 - 06/17/2017"", so maybe now they're shipping out updated vouchers or something."
Plastic
Yes it is
My copy came with everything. And the codes got me another copy of second game and trial of first... dont know if that is how its supposed to be
Hi Don,      I'm afraid the DLC vouchers have already been used.
Yes they are.
Plastic case
2 discs (one game on each) and a third game as download content. 3rd game alone is worth the price of the collection in my opinion.
Ntsc version only and not listed as region free compatible.
No multiplayer whatsoever. This means no online, no local, no splitscreen..
No, it was cut during development. The game is single-player only although it does have multiplayer type modes besides the campaign but you play against the computer.
No
Yes, Intuit will still provide support even though you don't purchase the product directly from them.  We have had no problem with calling them up and asking for assistance.  You get the actual QuickBooks Pro 2013 - 3 User product.
The short answer is yes you can.  You have to have a server set up (which you must have done) and be able to get through your firewall.  Perhaps you have security set up already and will need to use tunneling software from a remote location.
This is a disc.
I think that is one for Quicken staff.  I would think it is one or the other.  Disk or download.  Not sure, but disk is sometimes a little higher price than download.  I choose disk because I move around to different machines and I think it would be less hassle than placing or removing the licenses on those machines.
No, it is not possible for the 4 users to work at the same time. You definitely would need a multi user version.
You can pay 13 bucks a month for a limit of 1 character PER server(not data center. The data center is basically the mega server that hosts all the little servers/worlds). Save yourself a couple of bucks...as you don't really need multiple characters anyways...as you you can play ALL jobs with one character AND you can change your race once in the game.
Yes it does you get one free month to play then every month after is $15.00
good
Yes, as long as your pc is bluetooth compatible.
No choice between the two;;
It's an MMO, it's only online. Please consult other explanations of what an MMORPG is.
Absolutely not! I havent had a more friendly environment than this game. Sure there are gold spammers here and there, but thats pretty much EVERY game. But as far as bots go? Who? Where?
It is online only, I wish this game just had a four player split screen mode. Matter of fact, all MMO's should have optional lan or split screen modes.
I dont believe so .......  Better off Getting a used Sega Genesis if you want to save games
Mega Drive Cartidges are the Japanese carts... over seas the Genesis was called the Mega Drive.  Kmart long time ago even SOLD Japanese Game Gear games!  Now the cartridges for the MD were slightly wider than our GEN carts.  If you had an original Genesis and sawed the tags off the inside of the opening in the back you could actually play MD games on a Genesis.  So it's a legitimate question we still do not have an answer for.  What you are calling the 'square' carts were made by EA back then.  Double Dragon, and all the EA sports games and the few action Genesis games they made back then.
I'm not sure ,but there maybe a you tube video where someone test that issue I would suspect that any non licensed sega may possibly not work but, I own this it's more than worth it I use it everyday it's a must have with the games built in alone I don't even use the cartridge slot it's a great product I'm very happy with it
I dont believe you can.  Only thing with my game, i'm having trouble with, is that the wires have a short somewhere and is very touchy.  Kinda sucks cause i just bought this recently.  Maybe thats why they sold it.   Hmmm
Yes
It's completely different retron 3 as no games built in this one does
Unfortunately no, in fact there are no castlevania games on it at all :(
I used this mouse for 2-3 years and the sensor on this mouse is very nice but every once in a while the sensor would skip ever so slightly. But the acceleration, the sensitivity to the clicks, and the programming of the modes is all fantatic. Over all this has to be one of the best mice I have ever owned.
The wheel is grooved and the mouse itself is heavy, so it's easy to press the wheel without scrolling or moving the pointer. It gives very little resistance when rolling, just enough that you can feel the grooves; and the wheel won't spin on its own if you flick it.
wired
"Based on your definition I would call it ""regular"". The increments between scroll sections are distinct and well felt."
I think this mouse is not for FPS game.. in my opinion..
It has a great ROF and trigger response but rpaid fire to me sounds like a hack. So no it cant shoot faster if you push the click just once
I thought the same thing until I bought it and it's actually bigger than you would think. It's a comfortable fit and the features are great. I wouldn't use any other type of mouse.
It should be. The requirements are as follows: Windows® 98, Windows® 2000, Windows® Me, Windows® XP, Windows® Vista™, Windows® 7Pentium® (or compatible) processor64 MB RAM20 MB available hard disk spaceCD-ROM driveUSB port
I purchased the same unit for use with a Mac Pro running Mavericks. I use it with AeroFly. i did absolutely nothing to configure and it worked perfectly. All of the buttons were predefined. it works fantastic.
Yes
Pam, No it is not...However Logitech might make a lefty....Jay
You can play this game on Kindle Fire.  Download the Jackpot Party Casino app it contains all Williams games including Zeus 2
yes it is, that's what I am running it on
Definitely It is a very good slots game
I have never had that problem. Maybe it was a fluke on that one program one time. I suggest if it continues you contact the tech dept. of the publisher. I have found most tech support departments have a great public relations record.
Yes. I had to connect one to my laptop.
Mine works fine, but there are patches to all the games available on the website of the company that makes these.
I don't remember any activation key, I just downloaded it...
I do not know.
Yes you do. :(
Unfortunately no.
Yes they do..best Wii u controller
It doesn't.  They're both just controllers.
The Wii U Pro Controller does not connect to anything but the console through the special mini-USB controller adapter, and that's mainly if you want to recharge the controller and use it while it's recharging. When it's fully recharged, it can be used wirelessly if it's properly synced with the Wii U game system.
An extension controller is often used for the corresponding software. I can be connected to the main body up to four wireless.
You have to have friends with you. How evere you can have one frind and both of you can bring a Shakalaka with you ether Cha-Cah or Kayamba with you and they are CPU- Controlled.
"To be honest, no.  It's difficult, but difficult in a way that's often very rewarding for a player when the time and effort is put in to learn monster attack patterns and optimal attack strategies per weapon.  There are guides all over the internet and on YouTube to help a new player out with these things; I recommend ProJared's Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate videos for help starting out, and then a good search of whatever weapons a new player wants to pick up to see them in action.My first night playing I knew nothing and it took several hours for my group to down our first big monster, but then I watched, listened and practiced and the next night we played I was fantastic, knew where to go, how to hit and was prepared for everything that could be thrown at us.It's not easy to play, but it feels really, really good when you start to master it.



    To be honest, no. It's difficult, but difficult in a way that's often very rewarding for a player when the time and effort is put in to learn monster attack patterns and optimal attack strategies per weapon. There are guides all over the internet and on YouTube to help a new player out with these things; I recommend ProJared's Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate videos for help starting out, and then a good search of whatever weapons a new player wants to pick up to see them in action.My first night playing I knew nothing and it took several hours for my group to down our first big...
      » 
Read More


   To be honest, no.  It's difficult, but difficult in a way that's often very rewarding for a player when the time and effort is put in to learn monster attack patterns and optimal attack strategies per weapon.  There are guides all over the internet and on YouTube to help a new player out with these things; I recommend ProJared's Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate videos for help starting out, and then a good search of whatever weapons a new player wants to pick up to see them in action.My first night playing I knew nothing and it took several hours for my group to down our first big monster, but then I watched, listened and practiced and the next night we played I was fantastic, knew where to go, how to hit and was prepared for everything that could be thrown at us.It's not easy to play, but it feels really, really good when you start to master it.
      « 

Show Less"
"Yes. All missions have a time limit. However you can go into Moga Woods for ""free hunt"" which is not timed and stay there as long as you'd like."
The 3DS version is only capable of playing locally with other 3ds or Wii U users. The Wii U version is capable of playing online. I hope this helps :)
The 3ds version can only play in lan and solo the online quests so in fact almost the entire game is offline!!
Yes
They both need 3ds systems. To my knowledge 3ds/2ds systems are backward compatible but a Nintendo DS can't run a 3ds game.
This game would be a bit difficult but if he has friends to play with (it's a great multiplayer game) it wont be too hard. There's no gore or gratuitous violence at all, so it's very appropriate for all ages in my opinion. I really love this game :)
No
Yes It has the original firmware, But when you connect the console for the first time, begins to be updated
Yes, it comes with one controller
Unfortunately you can't use PS2 games on the PS3. It would be a huge selling point if you could though!
couple lbs
Yes but only one
This product comes in the special edition box you see and the games come in small sleeves
"Sure,Over 30 Midway classics on one disc in HD,they are as follows....(some of which haven't been included in previous Midway collections. Several games, including 720°, Gauntlet and Marble Madness were made by Atari, so it's interesting to see them included in this collection.)DefenderGauntletJoustRampageTotal Carnage720°A.P.B.Arch RivalsBubblesChampionship SprintTournament Cyberball 2072Defender IIGauntlet IIJoust 2Marble MadnessPit-FighterRampartRobotron 2084Root Beer TapperSatan's HollowSinistarSmash TVSpy HunterSpy Hunter IISuper Off RoadSuper SprintToobin'Vindicators Part IIWizard of WorXenophobeXybots



    Sure,Over 30 Midway classics on one disc in HD,they are as follows....(some of which haven't been included in previous Midway collections. Several games, including 720°, Gauntlet and Marble Madness were made by Atari, so it's interesting to see them included in this collection.)DefenderGauntletJoustRampageTotal Carnage720°A.P.B.Arch RivalsBubblesChampionship SprintTournament Cyberball 2072Defender IIGauntlet IIJoust 2Marble MadnessPit-FighterRampartRobotron 2084Root Beer...
      » 
Read More


   Sure,Over 30 Midway classics on one disc in HD,they are as follows....(some of which haven't been included in previous Midway collections. Several games, including 720°, Gauntlet and Marble Madness were made by Atari, so it's interesting to see them included in this collection.)DefenderGauntletJoustRampageTotal Carnage720°A.P.B.Arch RivalsBubblesChampionship SprintTournament Cyberball 2072Defender IIGauntlet IIJoust 2Marble MadnessPit-FighterRampartRobotron 2084Root Beer TapperSatan's HollowSinistarSmash TVSpy HunterSpy Hunter IISuper Off RoadSuper SprintToobin'Vindicators Part IIWizard of WorXenophobeXybots
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it does
I don't think so, in fact, it will get you closer to the feel of the original arcade games. Hope this helped.
Yeah its the arcade version
no
Nope...I was disappointed to
Im working now but first chance i will get back to you or bring the game up on google they may have the list of games on it there.
There should be a list of games in product info or on peoples' reviews. As far as I know it does NOT have Galaga.
Yes and its sooo awesome!
"Where the phrase Skylanders giants is on the package. For the ""Giant"" characters the name ""Skylanders Giants"" is towards the bottom of the package on the plastic.While on the smaller packages it's on the cardboard backing above the figure."
Yes I believe so.  I purchased all of the Skylanders Giants only for my son to play on the Wii.  Hopes this helps.
Yes. You will need to buy the Skylanders Giants or SwapForce starter kit for the 3DS, and  you will be able to use all your Giants action figures.
Bio:plasmids pack,Challenge rooms pack,Bonus museum levelBio2:Sinclair solutions tester,Rapture metro,Kill'em kindly,The protector trials,Minervas den, collectible stickers (3)
It is a four disc set with Bioshock, and Add-on Discs plus Bioshock 2 and add on discs  I bought the game used and the content loaded.  As long as it is on a disc my understanding is that you insert the add-on disc and it will download the content onto your save file.  The collectible stickers were missing, however.  Thank you for your interest.  Vernon Ritchie.
YES YES YES VERY MUCH
Yes it is.
To be honest I have beat this game on and honestly this has a lot of new content on the 2nd disk for both games & it's all good entertainment
The bonus content is on included discs.
Not much to speak of, other than some stuff about the prophets seed. set in the 1920s so clothing is very conservative..lots of blood guts and beheadings. Basic story is your a detective and your rescuing a girl. One of the more tame games i have played. if your a conservative christian you wont like the story line.
Yes it can
yes
the giants will not work in Spryro's Advanture.  If that's what you are asking.
Yes, they will all work with swap force.
Yes. The bottom is orange (red). It still works though.
My children tell me that all of the sky landers will work on the Xbox 360 also.
No this is just the figurine that comes with the game
"Not in the original package.  Usually tree Rex comes in a pack.  When sold separately after coming in a pack he is ""loose""."
No. This is answer is coming from my 7 year old son. I cannot confirm it.
I would say I get a good 10-15 hours of runtime on a single charge, and standby time is also pretty good, charges up pretty fast also!
Yes, if you use the Auxiliary cable port on the wireless base.
Buy a Droid
Yeah mate they are called, my little brother and I play call of duty online, they are light and good quality sound for the price, it's worth the money, I use them on PC
No problem, just make sure the power is connected to a wall outlet, not into the USB on a the PS4.
In fact, no.  They require a transmitter to your computer or pod with USB power from a wall socket to it.  The headphones are great at home only, or with power and a laptop on a Wifi hotspot.
Yes you need a aux cord to plug in the head phone jack and the receiver needs be plug in in with USB power
Yes
The game is fully 2 player local coop, and Toy box mode is 4 player online
The figures that are 1.0 will only work in the toy box mode for the 2.0
Nope, you do not need Kinect, actually, the game does not utilize the Kinect at all, as far as I am concerned. No need for the Kinect!
We use it with Xbox 360 and it's great!
Xbox360 and Xbox one are different gaming systems so the software to run it would be different.
If you want to play the lone ranger story you need to buy the lone ranger play set.  It will have 2 figures and an extra piece that is clear.  That piece is what you need for the lone ranger story.  You can buy the figures by themselves and use them in the toy box but you will not be able to play the story that way.
The transmitter has optical in or rca type inputs if your sound card has those or you can use a usb Bluetooth adapter or the mobile device cable for a wired connection direct to the headset from any mp3,mp4 player,smart phone,tablet or your computer headphone jack.  The user manual is available @ http://www.turtlebeach.com/support/entry/830517491/
You must use a chat cable between headset and controller.
Yes
Everything you need comes in the box.
Yes. The headset's bluetooth port can only channel one bluetooth source at a time, but I frequently connect my laptop via bluetooth and listen to music through that connection, while also listening to a feed I create from the wifi base, which I connect to my PS4 via digital audio.
The digital out port on the transmitter allows it to act as a digital audio pass thru. So you can daisy chain headsets or other devices. So yes, you could pass the audio from the transmitter out to a stereo system or speakers as long as they had an optical input.
Actually, if you use a cord for PS4 chat you should purchase the PS4 Talkback cable, it has mic mute and mic volume control on the cord itself. The mute and chat volume buttons on the headset only work with wireless bluetooth to the PS3.
If you're experiencing any trouble using the product then please contact our technical support team for assistance:https://www.turtlebeach.com/contact-support
I have the retail version, and it is for Uplay only.
You don't need the disk.. and its u play instead of steam! You install it with the disk and after you should not need the disk.
Hello Belinda, this game when you get it and install it forces you to use Uplay to install it again pretty much. If you want it on Steam you have to buy it in the Steam store, however it will still force you to install on Uplay. Hope this helped!
The bare minimum pc system are ram 4g, windown 7, video card 1g, hard driver 10g
Assassin's Creed and Skyrim are both excellent
Yes but... It needs to be SP2 64bit and If you're running vista, you likely have an old graphics card. This needs a pretty good card. Read the specs before buying otherwise it won't run and most sellers don't accept returns on PC games.
Yes, absolutely. This video shows someone playing watch dogs on pc with an xbox one controller and compares it to his experience using an xbox 360 controller on the same game
I haven't bought a cd rom since 2007. If I was you I would download it
Yep
Amazon let you download it and give you the key, too
I don't see why not since it's a game download, not a physical copy with region restrictions.
Yep. That issue is resolved. You can toggle your running, and crouch also has toggle support.
I use Win7 64bit and this game runs great.
If I remember correctly that is about how much I got my copy for about 3-4 months ago but that was just for BF4 and none of the expansions (that I picked up separately) last I looked Walmart had a good deal that included rising china.  I personally picked it up at amazon because it was a direct download and I am a BF superfan who couldn't wait to play it.
I don't believe so.  You are stuck signing up and downloading origin,  their version of steam.
no just use keys on laptop.
I dont think so, i have 4gig on my
I think you are ok. Not a huge risk at the low cost.
37.1 GB
you will not have to repurchase the map packs but if you bought shortcut kits they don't transfer over
Nope.
You can only play on the platform you have.good news is its more players and all the maps are bigger
Yes
Online yes, but not split screen
My console came with an already used PS+ membership but Amazon replaced. Everything else was Good.
Yes, it has HDMI output.
Yes, we replaced the 4 gb with a 320 gb in 3 systems for my boys..all three work great
As long as you're going to play games of the actual discs, then yes 4 gigabytes is plenty good. If you are wanting to download games from xbox live and run them off a hard drive, then 4 gigs will not get you very far.
Yes
"Yes, but only a proprietary Microsoft drive.  They're available on Xbox.com if they're not still being sold in stores.  The drives made for the ORIGINAL Xbox 360 won't work with this, it has to be a model made specifically for the Xbox 360 ""slim"" i.e. S or E models.  (The S and E models both use the same drives.)You'll absolutely want a hard drive because for one thing, without it the Xbox is VERY loud. Installing games to the drive makes it MUCH quieter.  It can also help games load faster, and in some cases games don't really work or are missing large parts of the game if you don't have a hard drive.  If possible, buy a model that already has one...but if you already have one without a drive, you'll want to add one.



    Yes, but only a proprietary Microsoft drive. They're available on Xbox.com if they're not still being sold in stores. The drives made for the ORIGINAL Xbox 360 won't work with this, it has to be a model made specifically for the Xbox 360 ""slim"" i.e. S or E models. (The S and E models both use the same drives.)You'll absolutely want a hard drive because for one thing, without it the Xbox is VERY loud. Installing games to the drive makes it MUCH quieter. It can also help games load faster, and in some cases games don't really work or are missing large parts of the game...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, but only a proprietary Microsoft drive.  They're available on Xbox.com if they're not still being sold in stores.  The drives made for the ORIGINAL Xbox 360 won't work with this, it has to be a model made specifically for the Xbox 360 ""slim"" i.e. S or E models.  (The S and E models both use the same drives.)You'll absolutely want a hard drive because for one thing, without it the Xbox is VERY loud. Installing games to the drive makes it MUCH quieter.  It can also help games load faster, and in some cases games don't really work or are missing large parts of the game if you don't have a hard drive.  If possible, buy a model that already has one...but if you already have one without a drive, you'll want to add one.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes. I don't know of any company that offers free WiFi to your home.
Yes you lost certainly can but not Blu Ray ones.  Only Playstation 3 and 4 does that.  And you can do Netflix and Hulu also.
The counsel comes with 500gb and it comes with (gta v) and a 30 day ps+ membership
Its a disk& no you don't need internet to play the game . you need the internet for Netflix or to go online and things like that
No defect that I know of. Since buying this system it has been a champ!
Yes. The PS3 plays PS3 Blu-Ray games, DVDs, PS1 Games, Blu-Ray movies, and CDs.
No, you don't need the nunchunk, but if you have it, you can use it to play.This game can be played by using 5 types of controller: (1) Wii U Gamepad, (2) Wii U Pro Controller, (3) Wiimote,  (4) Wii Classic Controller, and  (5) Wiimote + nunchunk.If you're using the Wiimote alone you don't need the light sensor bar either. You only use the buttons in the Wiimote.
Yes it works
The only reason it's called Super Mario 3D world is because most of the mario games have been 2D.  This is one of the exceptions.  It doesn't output a 3D signal to a 3D TV, though some TVs will be able to transform the image into 3D.
You can literally use any controller: the old Wii controllers work as well as the standard one that comes with the Wii U.I prefer the Wii U wireless controllers they made for the system
This is certainly worth $50. You can buy it used for cheaper, too. This is just my opinion, though.
This game is plenty of fun single player, the way mario games are made is that there seems to be a natural flow of running and jumping that is inherent in your very nature. This makes it seem natural to jump around as you get better and more used to the game. It is definitely a worthy purchase for any Wii U owner.
Some areas of the game require the gamepad. When you encounter those areas, the game will tell you how to switch controllers.
No. One person can use the GamePad, and up to three others can use a wiimote, classic controller, pro controller, or wii+nunchuck.
You can play the campaign with up to four players
Only multiplayer. Must have Internet access to play sadly.
nope. Hard copy
lol
it work fine on windows 8I have a i5 cpu with 16gb ram and 780 gtx graphic card.  The graphics of the game are not great.....I'm sure the game will run smoothly with alot less.  hope it help
just purchase the game then your set, you don't pay for multiplayer
Unfortunately to my knowledge there is no option to turn off blood and gore, however the worst thing that will be witnessed is a 2 second scene that occurs when a Titan crushes a pilot. All you see during this move is a misty red cloud. Aside from that the game is actually pretty clean.
Keyboard and mouse. They did a great job with the mapping of the controls. Although, I suppose you could use a controller, but then it wouldn't be much like pc gaming, in my opinion.
Yep, I use 8.1 And I there's no problems
Honestly, I am not sure. But some period they gave us special offer for free seasonal passes and maps. I think you don't have to pay an additional membership for playing.
don't know about second, but it is totally online against others, and there seems no differentiation of platform, and there is a lot of hacking.  great graphics and controls, but very short till it isn't enjoyable.  At ant rate, there are plenty of opponents.
One year
actually I received this but no and it did have the blue ring of death but Amazon work with me and resent me a new unit ASAP with no other complaints I love my ps4
No. The PS+ is important for online gameplay. You must buy it new; or a new $50 ps+ card.
yes you can use it on 110v and 240v Source:https://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/PlayStation+4+Teardown/19493
One years worth of online time
Yes it looks like it's in India. A quick Google search:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Instant_Game_Collection_games_(PAL_region)http://www.gamechup.com/ps-plus-indian-subscription-details-one-month-sampler-sub-added/http://gamingbolt.com/sony-touts-playstation-plus-numbers-in-india
It comes with instructions on how to program - no software necessary as far as I know - looks like a series of keystrokes. Love this keyboard so far. Only complaint I have is that it didn't tilt up enough for me.
When you plug in the usb to your pc/laptop they automatically light up !!!
The FN button next to the right alt key, push and hold that and then press the escape key while holding the FN key.
It's ok quiet not anything to loud! I think it's a great keyboard!
They should turn on by themselves... you might have a faulty keyboard...
I guess blue berry
Yes it is a mechanical keyboard
It has both the English and Japanese dub as options. English being the default, so yes. Yes it is.
No. The Xbox one is not backwards compatible
No, it will not, different formatted disk.
I don't know , I gave this DVD to someone for gift.
In this game only super sayin 2 and 3 goku can teleport
This game doesn't have couch co-op or local co-op. Co-op is only available on Xbox live
yes
Yes, its still worth it, its still I awesome piece of hardware. I personally dont really use the game streaming feature a lot, but I love the attention it gets me in public. People are always like wow what are you playing on.
Yes. There is a micro SD card port in the back that supports up to 32 Gb.64 GB microSD comes with exFAT format that is not supported on any android system.If you want to use 64Gb, you need to format the 64 GB microSD card to FAT32 using your PC or Mac computer.
No lag on my shield with emulation of nes - Psx. Lag on remote play causes some sound to stutter or cut out buy that could be my PC or network.
No.....
"The GPU is an Nvidia GeForce ULP (Ultra Low Power) with a total of 72 cores (48 pixel shader cores, 24 vertex shader cores) and 4 graphics pipelines.""Tegra 4"" is the name of the SoC (system on a chip), which contains the CPU, GPU, memory controller and I/O controller."
The best games for NVIDIA SHIELD that I like are GT Racing 2, Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger 2, Modern Combat 4, N.O.V.A 3, Fractal Combat X, Minigore 2: Zombies and Virtual Tennis. All of them are totally controled by Nvidia Shield...
You can play some Android games offline that don't require an Internet connection. It does support the Android steam application, but I don't think you can launch games from the mobile steam application.
The shield will not do what you want.  You can stream from your PC to the shield OR from your shield to a TV.  You cannot do both simultaneously.
No. You need the screen up even if you aren't going to use it (HDMI-Out Only) as when the clamshell is closed it covers up the buttons on the top.
Sorry boss but it will be married to your system so no can do on that
yes it's included with the other goodies...
I think it was worth it because the original price was $200 and I got it for half of that but the game itslef isn't that great
Yes but it is bad for the battery
yes it should be in with the game case
Yes
Yes
Yes
Assassins Creed Ezio Trilogy comes with three separate games: Assassins Creed II, Assassins Creed Brotherhood and Assassins Creed Revelations. All three have the option of Several spoken languages, including Spanish. However, Assassins Creed II only has subtitles in English. The others have many choices for subtitles, including Spanish, French, Italian, Dutch, Norwegian, etc.
You can play directly from the disk. There are three discs, one for each game
Yes definitely
No
Yes
The discs are in separate disc trays
Yes, it has online multiplayer 4-8 players. It has an offline campaign of 1 player.
They are 3 separate discs.
If you mean all three games in one place as in three games on one disc, then no. But it is all three games in one place in that they took the three discs, discarded the original boxes, and put them all in one box. Since the games are unchanged aside from a missing case, the achievements do all still activate.
nope
No
No its closer to the size of the standard 3ds.
Yes to 3DS games and most of the regular games - as i was told by a Gamestop clerk.
its supply and demand. The blue one is more popular then the red so some try to sell the blue for more. Most stores sell them both for the same price.
Yes it does, it's region free.
I don´t know, i don´t have ps tv, sorry.
Thank you asking.Normal shippng:(sal/small post) is about 10~14days to US .
Yes.It's sealed original packaging.If you dislike this product after purchasing from us, you can return this product to Amazom.com.Best regards,
Format or not it only lets you use 60gb
Once you hook your vita up to the PC it should prompt you to install the content manager program. Using that program you can copy the data from the memory card to your PC. Then insert the new memory card into the vita and copy the data onto the new memory card.
It should work. I have an original OLED Vita I got from the U.S. I popped the memory card in and it worked.
"Yes, it does.  The feet flip up to raise it approximately 1/2""."
It is a wired keyboard. I've been happy with mine; performs great, back-lit keys are nice. Only thing i could even rag on is that i wish the Volume control knob was more sensitive. I have to spin it more than i would like to raise/lower volume. If that's my only complaint, I think you will like this keyboard. Also, I game and have never had a problem with pressing to many keys etc. and it has a windows key disabling function so you don't tab out of your games or anything else. Cheers!
If you consider the volume knob to be a media key, then yes. if not, then no.
Yes it is a USB keyboard. Overall a nice keyboard for the price!
As mentioned previously, the keys are not mechanical, but they feel similar to Cherry MX Brown switches (if you know what those feel like) somewhat tactile, but have virtually no sound.
Yes, absolutely.  With the backlight off, it is just like any other keyboard.  The characters are clear and a good size.
"Can anyone help test it? To test the NKRO functionality, reply to this thread and do the following..1. Hold both shift buttons (left and right).2. While holding both Shift button, Type in the following sentence.. ""The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog""Thank you for the help"
no
On mine the jacks are on the station. They plug into the female port on the front of the controller.
0.8lbs
Yes as soon as you power Down
yes, however, mine only lasted about 3 months before it stopped charging
I have never tried plugging it into a wall outlet, I always charge them off the USB port on my home computer. Mine does light up like the picture shows. I have had this for quite a while and no issues.
I bought this as a xmas gift for my daughter. Alot of people said you can use an adapter and plug it into the wall just as you would a phone.
Yes
I don't know about others but For me it's just perfect...nice product
Yes it works great
You just need buy dc adapter for 220v or give current to engineer, they can change from 110v to 220v.Told from my experinece
No the MFR date is 10/06/2012. Thanks for asking.
Yes thank
I am sorry but I do not know.
Go to http://www.xbox360.com (I think that is right link. Going of memory as I'm sitting at a pool. ) then click the support menu. It should be easy from there. I would wait until Monday though.
If you have Xbox 360 with the kinetic device, all you need is good space to dance on.
The Xbox 360 has more games for younger children. The Kinnect allows you to actually connect with other people playing the game. You can limit it to just their friends. It also allows you to do interactive games because the Kinnect bar sees movement. I hope this helps!
The package that I purchased included one controller.  I purchased a second wireless controller separately.
Yes (hard drive) if you download games and a lot of apps. Just connect an empty hard drive with usb.
I'm not sure it will work in Europe. The console is NTSC which is made for US and Canada. The power plug is a two prong Input AC 100-127V 3.7A
No, it has blue LED lights. No multicolor.
yes you can change it to whatever you want each key has its own individual light so be creative lol
Keyboard is qwerty with number pad yes
Yes works fine on my X79 board pre-boot.
"There does seem to be some problems with one person I see bashing this product online.  Searching this device and 8.1 drivers he has flooded a lot of forums, improperly.  I have not one problem with this keyboard, except when playing around 3rd party's lightshow programs. I would have to uninstall Roccat Power Grid (optional software, that allows some lightshows and control through smartphone apps) and re-install drivers and firmware on the keyboard using Roccats updater and things work as normal as when I first got it.  I have learned that most other lightshow programs and controls are outlived with support or just are not finished entirely to a well polished transition back to normal.  But looking on Roccats website it does in fact support window 8 and further reading on forums indicate that people have been using it with windows 8.1 since driver Roccat 1.30 and firmware version 1.25. I strongly believe it is user error when installing software and hardware, their are instructions on how to do this, like, when to plug in your keyboard when installing this onto your PC, lays a big hand to success.



    There does seem to be some problems with one person I see bashing this product online. Searching this device and 8.1 drivers he has flooded a lot of forums, improperly. I have not one problem with this keyboard, except when playing around 3rd party's lightshow programs. I would have to uninstall Roccat Power Grid (optional software, that allows some lightshows and control through smartphone apps) and re-install drivers and firmware on the keyboard using Roccats updater and things work as normal as when I first got it. I have learned that most other lightshow programs and controls are...
      » 
Read More


   There does seem to be some problems with one person I see bashing this product online.  Searching this device and 8.1 drivers he has flooded a lot of forums, improperly.  I have not one problem with this keyboard, except when playing around 3rd party's lightshow programs. I would have to uninstall Roccat Power Grid (optional software, that allows some lightshows and control through smartphone apps) and re-install drivers and firmware on the keyboard using Roccats updater and things work as normal as when I first got it.  I have learned that most other lightshow programs and controls are outlived with support or just are not finished entirely to a well polished transition back to normal.  But looking on Roccats website it does in fact support window 8 and further reading on forums indicate that people have been using it with windows 8.1 since driver Roccat 1.30 and firmware version 1.25. I strongly believe it is user error when installing software and hardware, their are instructions on how to do this, like, when to plug in your keyboard when installing this onto your PC, lays a big hand to success.
      « 

Show Less"
If you are plugging this keyboard into a computer that has usb 1.0 ports, no. If you are plugging a usb 1.0 into one of the usb 2.0 ports on the keyboard, yes.
yes.
i have the same question, plz answer it !
Nope, as long as you get the XTD version, it comes with an external sound card. I highly recommend this headset if you have the dough for it. It's super comfy and sounds insane.
No,  There is a button on the base that will either select Speakers or Headset.
Yes
Who said it would work for a PS4? It doesn't. It's specifically for PC. The software to manipulate the voice changer and audio settings are on the PC
Unfortunately the only thing the Bluetooth is able to connect to is a smart phone. As for cable connectivity, it is not intended for consoles. If you want a headset that is surround and for consoles then I would suggest something along the lines of astro, triton, or turtle beach headsets.
Unless you can hear what the other person is hearing(your voice) from their mic then u can't
Yes. Right Click volume icon > volume control options > playback tab > select KAVE XTD Headset > properties > Levels tab > turn microphone up to 100
TLDR - NoThe entire headset and control module is powered through the USB.  Plus, the wire that connects the headset to the control module is permanent.  It would be safe to assume that this headset is very much geared towards desktop PC/Mac users.
Same thing!  Just looks different.
Yes
It comes in the for of a card with a scratch off behind it revealing the code. The card should come directly from the seller.
One of two things. Call Amazon and let them know. They have one of the top services in business in my opinion. Or you can try the old toothpaste(white paste only) trick. Rub it on the disk then clean it off. I've been successful on DVD's, never tried game.
Yes
No it is not a problem with free space, it is because of the region, this is an xbox version of the game for USA region not UK
The one we got. Is only for Xbox 360.
Only if if says xbox 1 on the top of the box.
yes it does
It is a multiplayer game
Yes you can make ur own cars
This is base game with add on in it.
I forget the size,  but not to bad.  No steam needed
Yes it will
Titanium Edition Has an extra map and farming equepments. Farming Simulator 2013 only for MAC and PC. For Android You can get Farming Simulator 14
If digital download,  it would have been provided with the download.  If bought did,  should be in the case
"It should be in ""exe"" file so just press avto install."
it will not but you can buy and download farming simulator 2014 on it
Yes.
TBH I DON'T KNOW BUD I haven't played it yet
While it is similar to ALTTP in that it's the same time frame and locale? The new art direction of this game adds a feeling of nostalgia even though it's someplace you may have seen before, much like how heartgold and soul silver were good games even though it was the same area.
The game is for everyone.
Mine came in English.Don't know about Spanish.
You need a 3DS to play it
Nope. You need a 3ds
He can only be controlled with the circle pad
Yes. All 3ds games are compatible with the 3ds xl and 2ds models.
Yes, this works on Windows 8 (and 8.1).
Yes, you should be able to do so. I haven't tried it, but the point of a cloud based game is that you can play anywhere. It may get a bit more complicated if you want to play the same offline city on both though.
It includes both,  But don't buy it at $40.00 I got it for $20.00 and still consider it a waist of money.
It does not come with one. There are special controller bundles that come with rechargeable packs. Otherwise you would need to buy a separate rechargeable battery pack for it.
The one I bought came factory sealed.
Yes, it works just as well as any other new genuine Xbox 360 controller and the blue chrome gives it a cool appearance.
The box says Windows 8.1 / 8 / 7 / vista / XP  Pentium 4 or faster processor  2gb free disk space  1gb ram     DVD optical drive Hope that helps.
I checked the back of the package and it states:  Mac OS x 10.9, 10.8, 10.7, 10.62 GB free disk space,  DVD optical drive.    Hope this helps.
Installed with no problem or issues. Maybe the one you have is defective?
Yes
Get this instead...  http://www.amazon.com/PlaySation-Xbox-One-Wii-PlayStation-360/dp/B00JK0LWO4/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m;=A19VHI2FAT9ZVY
Yes it does but DO NOT waste your money on this peice of TRASH trust me
Yes. It should just stick right on the glass. You just have to plug the USB plug into a USB port (I use one of the front ones on my Xbox 360) to power the LED. It will actually probably stick better on the glass CRT TV than on a flat screen because the glass should be a better surface for the suction cups.
A person aims and fires accurately when they aim down the sight.The device helps you fire better under the hip and helps you quick scope.And it helps a bit when aiming down the sight, when you gave an awkward gun sight.
You just pull it off the TV screen& it does loose its suction, just put saliva on it and it'll stick right back on. My husband said it works great it helps him practice on his aiming.
Avoid this issue by purchasing the original powered red dot attachment...  http://www.amazon.com/PlaySation-Xbox-One-Wii-PlayStation-360/dp/B00JK0LWO4/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m;=A19VHI2FAT9ZVY
It aint cheating bc it doesn't really work , don't waste ur money like I did
yes, dozens of hours used on my plasma with no issues, other than finger prints from finding that perfect center.
It's alot easier to see in the dark both for quick sighting and spraying with accuracy in a dark building or room. It gives you that extra edge if you need to even the odds alittle.
No it's in English. There is English and Japanese voice overs though. It can be changed on the game options.
No it's the easiest one to get into.
Yes, there is tutorials for newcomers and I suggest you read it careful too plus don't speed through it.
No, I'm afraid not. It comes with English or Japanese audio tracks and English subtitles only.
The mouse wheel is very smooth and you can definitely feel it when you scroll.
The colors are locked to the 4 presets as far as I can tell, but you can change the sensitivity of each preset. Usually the most sensitive preset is this weird pink color, but I changed it so that the green color was the most sensitive because I like it more.
This mouse is great for gaming. The 2 thumb buttons can easily be mapped to game functions. (I haven't tried it with LoL, but I used to be a big LoL player.) The mouse looks pretty cool too :)
Likely yes.  However, you will give up convenient color/speed/button setting features.
Was a tad bit wonky on first use. After I installed the driver/config software it work okay. What OS are you using? I am not sure if it is completely Win 8/8.1 compatible.
Mine does not do either of these things.
I thought you only needed it for ps4 to go from the controller to the headset for voice chat I didn't think you need it for ps3 I could be wrong tho
I have the xp400s and it works fine for me, if you headset has the 2.5mm plug on it and your controller/ adapter has the 3.5mm plug, then yes, it will work. I have an Xbox One and the chat headset adapter
It depends on which headset you own. I have astro a40s and my wife has astro a50s,  and both allow you to adjust the volume of chat and game. While the a50s have 2 different volume controls (1 for chat, 1 for game) the a40s have one overall volume knob, and a 2nd knob that lets you adjust what you hear. Turn it all the way left and you won't hear chat, all the way right and no game volume...you're free to adjust it to your liking. (I find that different games require different volume/chat levels)
http://support.turtlebeach.com/kb_upload/image/headsets/PS4%20setup%20diagrams/X12_PS4_Setup_Diagram.png
A stock 360 headset if its the one that came with it no sir it will not work. But if you buy the turtle beach headset adapter and this cord and a  cheap 360 turtle beach headset you can.
I don't think it will work for the Xbox 360 because the plugin on the controller side is different. Which is why I purchased this cable to use with my ps4.
Not sure. We had actual turtle beach earphones and it didn't work. Ended up just getting the Sony headset instead of returning the cord...
Umm.. Not quite sure what you mean. In my set up, this cord connects to my controller and headsets mic output. It's the part that allows others to hear me in chat. Everything I use is corded though. If you can transmit your voice in chat with out a cord connected to your controllers mic input, this cord isn't needed.
the battery life is very good, the duration is 7 hours or more. I charge every 2 days.
https://support.us.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/5244/kw/headsetFrequently Asked QuestionsQuestion: How many Gold Headsets can I use with my PlayStation system?Answer: On the PS4 system, you can use up to two Gold Headsets at a time. On the PS3 system, you can use one PlayStation headset at a time.
"Hi, yes you CAN use this via 3.5mm jack (the cable is included). Sound quality stays the same when the battary is charged but if your battary is dead and you are using it with the cable plugged into PS4 controller the sound quality will be lower but I repeat ONLY if the battary is dead, if it is NOT, it will work like a pro either wired or wirelessly. Hope this helps. I sometimes forget I have them on, that's how unbelievably comfortable they are. I think the sound is comming from my sound system and have to actually feel my head to make sure they are on (I think that only happens when the volume is lowered) with the volume high you wount have this problem.



    Hi, yes you CAN use this via 3.5mm jack (the cable is included). Sound quality stays the same when the battary is charged but if your battary is dead and you are using it with the cable plugged into PS4 controller the sound quality will be lower but I repeat ONLY if the battary is dead, if it is NOT, it will work like a pro either wired or wirelessly. Hope this helps. I sometimes forget I have them on, that's how unbelievably comfortable they are. I think the sound is comming from my sound system and have to actually feel my head to make sure they are on (I think that only happens when the...
      » 
Read More


   Hi, yes you CAN use this via 3.5mm jack (the cable is included). Sound quality stays the same when the battary is charged but if your battary is dead and you are using it with the cable plugged into PS4 controller the sound quality will be lower but I repeat ONLY if the battary is dead, if it is NOT, it will work like a pro either wired or wirelessly. Hope this helps. I sometimes forget I have them on, that's how unbelievably comfortable they are. I think the sound is comming from my sound system and have to actually feel my head to make sure they are on (I think that only happens when the volume is lowered) with the volume high you wount have this problem.
      « 

Show Less"
No my gf sleeps right next to me wile I play all my games, this headset does not leak at all from my gf standpoint and I have it very loud sometimes.
You can adjust the volume and chat sound to make each loader or quieter, or turn off each all together.
"""Why would you want to listen to music and watch TV at the same time?""""Because I like to party."""
Yes, it does work for xbox one with the Xbox One Stereo Headset Adapter
Sorry don't know about PS4 and bluray.
I don't know. I don't wear glasses.
You can gift the code. Or give the game through Steam.
Yes.I have a gaming desktop and a laptop, both with Windows 8.1, and Civ 5 runs just fine although I definitely have to play the game at low settings across the board on my laptop. (Intel Core i5 Ivy Bridge, Intel HD Graphics 4400)Looking at the hardware on the Surface Pro 2, it looks like you'll be able to run the game but expect low framerates if you're playing at 1920x1080. I've also noticed better performance running the game in DirectX 9 mode on my laptop as opposed to DirectX 11 so you may want to go that route as well.
"Steam is awesomeness. You sign up for free and if you digital download your game it keeps track of all your games for you. Games take up a lot of memory so you only need to download the games your currently playing. Steam stores the games in the cloud on their servers and you will own the rights to all the games you purchase if your hard drive crashes computer gets stolen doesn't matter not all is lost just sign up new computer and re download games.It's awesome because a steam game has all the software patches and a whole global community that supports and even MODS the games. You can also trade games and gift games you purchase just like you could a hard copy of a game also steam games go on sale all the time your missing out on affordable new games You don't know PC gaming until you join Steam.



    Steam is awesomeness. You sign up for free and if you digital download your game it keeps track of all your games for you. Games take up a lot of memory so you only need to download the games your currently playing. Steam stores the games in the cloud on their servers and you will own the rights to all the games you purchase if your hard drive crashes computer gets stolen doesn't matter not all is lost just sign up new computer and re download games.It's awesome because a steam game has all the software patches and a whole global community that supports and even MODS the games. You can also...
      » 
Read More


   Steam is awesomeness. You sign up for free and if you digital download your game it keeps track of all your games for you. Games take up a lot of memory so you only need to download the games your currently playing. Steam stores the games in the cloud on their servers and you will own the rights to all the games you purchase if your hard drive crashes computer gets stolen doesn't matter not all is lost just sign up new computer and re download games.It's awesome because a steam game has all the software patches and a whole global community that supports and even MODS the games. You can also trade games and gift games you purchase just like you could a hard copy of a game also steam games go on sale all the time your missing out on affordable new games You don't know PC gaming until you join Steam.
      « 

Show Less"
Gill,It appears to install the expansion packs you don't have.  The game I had in progress continued from where I had left off, although it was obvious from the opening screenshots that new content had been added overall.  Hope this helps.
You can play it on Mac since it has SteamPlay as stated at http://store.steampowered.com/app/8930/.
If there is a way to make it work without steam, I don't know it. I had an issue with my steam login a few weeks ago and can no longer play. Had I known when I purchased the full limitation of requiring steam, I would not have purchased.I firmly believe that the steam requirement detracts more value for the average user than it adds in the most idealized best case.
Does your laptop have a graphics gard?  I suspect you may need dedicated graphics for this one.  It runs great on my 2012 laptop; but, I have a Geforce 600 series graphics card installed.  If in doubt, you might try www.systemrequirementslab.com, which may be able to give you a preliminary answer.
Steam. But yo need to download Steam first
Yes it can...
Sure does, running it right now. If you're loading up a big game it'll be a little slow to start but I've found that to be the case regardless of platform or OS. Hope this helps
You need Steam to download the program and get any updates.  They also seem to force you to check in with them every once in a while, since the program occasionally will not work until you do.  However, you can play the game off line.  What I do is turn WiFi off before I boot Civilization V.  This allows you to play the game without being connected to Steam.
Yes! I play with yosemite all the time
Online game code is the code they give you after you purchase it. So instead of a hard copy, you can download it after you purchase it. As you know, all games have a code you need to unlock the game, this version allows you to download it from the convenience of your computer but, yes, you need internet to download it. After you download it, you do not need internet since it is already on your computer.
You have to download Steam (free) and input your code through there.
The gameboy is pretty good and mine still works just fine after all this time.
It runs on AA batteries.  The SP model has a rechargeable battery and should come with a charger, but this one uses regular batteries.
You cannot charge the Game Boy Advance.  You just put in new batteries.  There is the Game Boy Advance SP which is rechargeable (and has a light).
The games must be bought separately & there is also a lighting problem with most of these models where you can barely see the screen.
The screen is not overly bright.  It is good for playing games.  I do not remember if there was a brightness control.  I hope this description is good enough without resorting to a scale.
Yes it does. It has a main screw-down from underneath, and 2 side clamps that are operated from on top.
It will be a power adapter, not a charger. You just need to find a power adapter that matches the voltage on the wheel and the same pin size. Second hand stores are always a good option for finding those.
Push forward for up, back for down (and it has paddles behind the wheel too)SO 'Semi Automatic' ...ie there is no clutch....and its just back and forward...it doesnt have 'gates' like a manual stick in a real car...
Yes
Yes
In my opinion, the Logitech Extreme 3D Pro joystick is best. Three reasons: It is very responsive based on your requirements. It is very easy to use and all the controls are where you would expect them to be. And, since I use the flight simulation as a part of my relaxing routine, it is nice to have a piece of equipment that I trust and enjoy.
Approximately 4 feet.
It works perfectly on flight simulator x
Yes it is an outstanding stick for Elite Dangerous, that's the reason I bought it, and couldn't be happier.
Yes it will work on Battlefield 4
Yes, it works, but it's really small and inputs are approximate.
honestly your better off just getting a refund like a did because I called customer service a bunch of times and removed my review on them because they said they would send another at no charge due to the fact the other one was a month late and was returned to them with damage. son just get your money back.
Mine did. I believe it is on a per sale basis. Look in description closely. The system itself works fine. Still in use.
This model of the PS2 is very quite as for the cord: the standard cord is about 4ft long. Hope that helps
yes it is.
No just the console.
Just the controls1 and wires w.
The one I purchased came with controllers
I'm using it with Windows 8.
It will not work with Windows 8.
I just tried to install it, and it wouldn't install because I have a 64 BIT system.
I use it with windows #7. I don't think the one shown is the same as mine.  My disc is by Random House Webster's college Dictionary.   Tropics entertainment and powered by Word Genius. There are lots College Webster Dictionary software. Some of them did not work with #7.  email Tech support www.topics-ent.com/support.  I thought I bought the only copy available.  Tom
Nawwwww
yes, I hooked it up to my 8.1 laptop and it worked just fine
I have the iomega USB KVM switch.  My Saitek keyboard's lights worked fine.  The trick is that I had it plugged into the USB port on the PC, turned the lights on, then plugged it into the KVM switch.  Works fine!
Yes, that is the model I bought it for. I had no issues at all with it.
it works on all versions
No
No, I don't think it is, but it worked fine and is still working fine.
Yes I have that kind
My 8 year old grandson says yes.
No but it can still be played on a 3 ds console
Yes.
Yes, it has 16 tracks exclusive to the DS version of Mario Kart and characters with different features.
Yes
Yes
"Honestly, I'm not sure if dsi can play with a 3ds :/ but if it can I would first try it through one cartridge via the ""download""play which js how you access multiplayer with one cartrige. If you are able to play with dsi and 3Ds then I would assume if you want to use all courses and characters you'd have to have another catridge. I'm not sure if you can do multiplayer with dsi and 3Ds :/ if you can let me know, that would be interesting."
Yes you can
It works the same. My son has the 3DS and this game works perfect on it.
I don't know what XML is. I know it works on DSi.
I'm pretty sure it will. I use it with the amazon app on Xbox and also my local cable providers app.
"It is 8.25"" long X 1"" thick X 1.75 to 2"" wide at the tip. Just like the picture."
Yes
I bought 2 of these (from a different seller) in 9/2013 and they both had the green mce button.  Go for it, if it doesn't have it then return it.
I'm honestly not sure... Haven't tried it...  If you find out, let me know... I'm intrigued...
No this only controls the tv its self it can't be set to use for VCRs DVRs DVD players ECT only tv and xbox
Yes
Yes. I have GTA: SA on my computer which is running Windows 8 Pro...it runs perfectly, and without any incompatibility issues. The game doesn't have any lagging on my computer either.
I would try to install using compatibility mode then try to run game in compatibility mode. If that doesn't work try running directly from install folder in compatibility mode and as administrator. Some games will not work on 8.1 though.
You download it.
You can choose which version you would like to buy. You can choose to buy the disc or the downloaded copy
I think the second edition is less graphic
The game can work anything over Windows.XP. and it does work on vista. I had it installed on my vista
Yes, it works PERFECTLY with the Playseat Evolution.  (Not sure about earlier generation Playseats.)The Evo has pre-drilled holes that line up with the bottom of your G25 wheel platform and your G25 pedal platform, though you will have to offset the Evo pedal panel quite a bit to where it's strange looking but not impractical from a functional standpoint.Look into buying the additional Playseat Evo attachment for the G25 shifter.  I don't think Amazon sells it ... I ended up getting that attachment from MaxWho.com.
Unfortunately the Logitech G25 is only compatible with PC and the PS3. From what I know there is no XBOX support from any Logitech racing wheels.
Yes
I've only used it with grand torismo, but I'm sure it will work with all driving games. Only compatible with Play Station.
G25/G27 is not compatible with the Xbox 360.  You're somewhat limited in selection of wheels for the 360, but I'd recommend a Fanatec wheel.  Preferably the multiplatform 911 Turbo S (clutch/H-shifter), but check their site out for yourself and see: www.fanatec.com  Microsoft's wheel is decent to start out with, but if you're playing Forza 3 I'm sure you'll eventually want more.  Also, there was an excellent wheel shootout at www.insidesimracing.tv  I know you asked the beginning of Dec, but on chance you haven't made up your mind I hope it helps.  Good luck.
gtr is good but if you play online get rfactorps try some demos
I have been wondering this exact same thing for a while now. Of course I already have the wheel, lol, so doesn't matter. Really need to start getting it set up since the game comes out in about a 10 days.
Nope.. It's all pre wired. Just open the case on your console. Then unplug the old Stock Xbox fan. After that replace it with the talismoon fan. Now then your going to want to test the fan by turning on your Xbox and make sure it works. If it works correctly you can now put the console back together. and... TADAAA! You've successfully installed your new fan. Hope this helps! :) (I'm 12)
Yes, it has the 4 pin connection for the old xenon motherboards.
Yes, it works with the older xbox core system.  It does increase air flow and it looks neat in the process.  Its not going to stop a rrod system from red ringing but it should help a system to not get it in the first place.
It's been over a year since I installed this on my elite. What little I remember is that everything matched up fine. Maybe different versions have different fan plugs? Hopefully someone here has opened up several original model 360s to verify this.
I have an original xbox 360, so I cannot tell you for sure.
One of the blades wouldn't even work on my 360 no matter what I did and I ended up using the original fan instead. So I would say do not waste your time and money on it.
If your system has an optical cable, such as the PS 3, all you have to do is unplug the optical cord from the subwoofer and plug that into the same port on your other system.
No, I only have one
"This system (as far as I could read) has only Audio inputs. HDMI is an audio and video cable. If you are trying to connect this to an HDTV that has an HDMI input, then chances are that it has Digital Audio output too. Simply hook this digital output to the sound system. there will be some finer tweaks you need to workout with the tv such as whether the tv volume controlls the output volume and if the TVs speakers should then be turned off. For more personallized help, most High school to college aged boys/men, and an increasing number of women, have the knowlege required to get it working at a livable level. usually a trip to a Best Buy with a list of the items you have including brand and model number can prove very helpfull too.



    This system (as far as I could read) has only Audio inputs. HDMI is an audio and video cable. If you are trying to connect this to an HDTV that has an HDMI input, then chances are that it has Digital Audio output too. Simply hook this digital output to the sound system. there will be some finer tweaks you need to workout with the tv such as whether the tv volume controlls the output volume and if the TVs speakers should then be turned off. For more personallized help, most High school to college aged boys/men, and an increasing number of women, have the knowlege required to get it working...
      » 
Read More


   This system (as far as I could read) has only Audio inputs. HDMI is an audio and video cable. If you are trying to connect this to an HDTV that has an HDMI input, then chances are that it has Digital Audio output too. Simply hook this digital output to the sound system. there will be some finer tweaks you need to workout with the tv such as whether the tv volume controlls the output volume and if the TVs speakers should then be turned off. For more personallized help, most High school to college aged boys/men, and an increasing number of women, have the knowlege required to get it working at a livable level. usually a trip to a Best Buy with a list of the items you have including brand and model number can prove very helpfull too.
      « 

Show Less"
It would be nice if there were another sale here soon.  After all, Race Pro is coming out for the 360 next week, and it caters to a simulator crowd (who tend to spend money on things like this).  I'm in this category, and frankly, the first company to put the Evolution on a good sale will get my money.  I'd like it to be Amazon, but if it is someone else, so be it.
I'm curious too. I was researching this seat at various forums and it looks like the price once dropped to $199.
"It has the plate you see in the picture of it and you screw the steering wheel down onto it as tight as you can get.  The wheel I have has the shifter as part of the overall assembly.  The wheel pedal kit I bought is a M/N E-X5C 19 model number that has the shifter and wheel as one plastic assembly.  I went to Logitech and the picture they show for the G27 is a totally separate shifter and there is no way to mount it on what I have.  There may be an adapter you can buy but I don't know.  Good luck and enjoy.  I really like the seat.  It is so comfortable when you get tired yo can just nap right in it.  :-)



    It has the plate you see in the picture of it and you screw the steering wheel down onto it as tight as you can get. The wheel I have has the shifter as part of the overall assembly. The wheel pedal kit I bought is a M/N E-X5C 19 model number that has the shifter and wheel as one plastic assembly. I went to Logitech and the picture they show for the G27 is a totally separate shifter and there is no way to mount it on what I have. There may be an adapter you can buy but I don't know. Good luck and enjoy. I really like the seat. It is so comfortable when you get tired yo can just nap right in...
      » 
Read More


   It has the plate you see in the picture of it and you screw the steering wheel down onto it as tight as you can get.  The wheel I have has the shifter as part of the overall assembly.  The wheel pedal kit I bought is a M/N E-X5C 19 model number that has the shifter and wheel as one plastic assembly.  I went to Logitech and the picture they show for the G27 is a totally separate shifter and there is no way to mount it on what I have.  There may be an adapter you can buy but I don't know.  Good luck and enjoy.  I really like the seat.  It is so comfortable when you get tired yo can just nap right in it.  :-)
      « 

Show Less"
i found this!Packaging *Small full colour box, plus brown carton protection box.*Dimensions (LxWxH) 60x50x40 cm/ 24x20x16 inches.*Gross Weight 25 kg/ 55 lbs.
My daughters are less than 5,3 and the seat adjusts to their height without a problem.  It also supports me at 6,1.  Easily adjustable for us.
"Yes you do have to use both feet with this game seat because of the post that holds the base where you attach the wheel.  I wouldn't let that bother you that much unless you are trying to get serious for real life racing there they use the toe/heel for gas and brake.  I can tell you that I really like the seat even though I don't use it that often.  I recently built a platform to mount it on and put small caster wheels on the bottom of it so I can easily move it around the room.  I also ended up making a stop at the top of the pedals as they didn't want to stay in place as good as I would have liked.  If I needed to buy another one this would be my choice.  Good luck and I hope you enjoy it.



    Yes you do have to use both feet with this game seat because of the post that holds the base where you attach the wheel. I wouldn't let that bother you that much unless you are trying to get serious for real life racing there they use the toe/heel for gas and brake. I can tell you that I really like the seat even though I don't use it that often. I recently built a platform to mount it on and put small caster wheels on the bottom of it so I can easily move it around the room. I also ended up making a stop at the top of the pedals as they didn't want to stay in place as good as I would have...
      » 
Read More


   Yes you do have to use both feet with this game seat because of the post that holds the base where you attach the wheel.  I wouldn't let that bother you that much unless you are trying to get serious for real life racing there they use the toe/heel for gas and brake.  I can tell you that I really like the seat even though I don't use it that often.  I recently built a platform to mount it on and put small caster wheels on the bottom of it so I can easily move it around the room.  I also ended up making a stop at the top of the pedals as they didn't want to stay in place as good as I would have liked.  If I needed to buy another one this would be my choice.  Good luck and I hope you enjoy it.
      « 

Show Less"
This is exactly what I did, but you'll need to modify them slightly. I got two gear shift holders, the base on the gear shift holders is too small for a flight stick / throttle to sit on so what I did was cut some particle board, drilled holes in it so I can mount it on top of the gear shift holders, laid some black leather (from hobby lobby) across the wood (to make it match seat) and then put some plexiglass pieces on top of it so my throttle/stick suction cups have something to stick onto. Overall it works GREAT. Used it to for Ace Combat 6, Hawxx, and many other PC flight sims.
"Elite Dangerous is the main reason I bought the x52 pro, Elite does have a config for the x52 pro however it is missing the one or two different buttons. They are easy enough to config and If you want to use the ""clutch button"" ""I"" you will need to disable clutch mode in the x52 control panel. The x52 pro it self is amazing for Elite Dangerous, I have had mine for a few months now and haven't had any problems. The HOTAS used in the cockpits are almost exactly the same as this one so if you are using an oculus rift it is quiet immersive. http://youtu.be/JOoiEhOBcT8 for a review on this product that I did awhile back.



    Elite Dangerous is the main reason I bought the x52 pro, Elite does have a config for the x52 pro however it is missing the one or two different buttons. They are easy enough to config and If you want to use the ""clutch button"" ""I"" you will need to disable clutch mode in the x52 control panel. The x52 pro it self is amazing for Elite Dangerous, I have had mine for a few months now and haven't had any problems. The HOTAS used in the cockpits are almost exactly the same as this one so if you are using an oculus rift it is quiet immersive. http://youtu.be/JOoiEhOBcT8 for a...
      » 
Read More


   Elite Dangerous is the main reason I bought the x52 pro, Elite does have a config for the x52 pro however it is missing the one or two different buttons. They are easy enough to config and If you want to use the ""clutch button"" ""I"" you will need to disable clutch mode in the x52 control panel. The x52 pro it self is amazing for Elite Dangerous, I have had mine for a few months now and haven't had any problems. The HOTAS used in the cockpits are almost exactly the same as this one so if you are using an oculus rift it is quiet immersive. http://youtu.be/JOoiEhOBcT8 for a review on this product that I did awhile back.
      « 

Show Less"
You won't need to bolt it at all. I set it on my lap.
Yes, works with xp, vista, 7 and 8 - may have to download the proper version from their website, http://saitek.com/
Yes! Actually the main piece is the throttle part. The stick is cabled to the throttle using a Saitek proprietary cable so you will be ok if using a different stick and have this one as a backup. Another tip: don't use the throttle in a raw wood, if you do this the throttle will hot hold the position when you will use it. Nothing that can avoid the use but using it in a glass or solid table is the must considering you can use the 'suckers' (haha I don't know the name in english).
The stick's handle DOES rotate left and right, and controls an airplane's rudder.  It's my understanding that it also controls the speed of the tail rotor in a helicopter, so yes, it would control yaw in a whirlybird also.  (The stick itself acts as the 'collective', controlling forward / backward 'tilt' and left / right banking.)
Was like 22 x 12 x 9 something like that. Not massive. But not,tiny by any,means
No
It's pretty intuitive, and there are tutorials on line. Be sure to use the software from the website though, and not the CD version that comes with the stick.
Yes, any button can be programed
"I have not tested this product on Windows 8.1, but I do have some information that may be of use...I attempted to use this on Windows 8, and the driver did not detect any input, making it useless.  Although I only attempted to troubleshoot issues on Windows 8 for about 15 minutes, it was clear that the behavior was different from that displayed in Windows 7, Vista, and XP.  This includes compatibility mode (in Windows 8), which did not appear to make any difference.  I have not tested the adapter on Windows 8.1 - I would not count on it working properly on any variant of 8 though.  Sorry.  You may have better luck with this hardware if you search for another driver - some other drivers are compatible.  For example, I found that MotionJoy worked with the Xbox controller port (the Xbox controller driver provided with the adapter is defective).  I would not recommend MotionJoy now though given its known stability and security issues.In response to Come Fight Me - Xpadder is a useful tool for button mapping, but does not provide drivers of its own.  It needs these to detect or use a controller.



    I have not tested this product on Windows 8.1, but I do have some information that may be of use...I attempted to use this on Windows 8, and the driver did not detect any input, making it useless. Although I only attempted to troubleshoot issues on Windows 8 for about 15 minutes, it was clear that the behavior was different from that displayed in Windows 7, Vista, and XP. This includes compatibility mode (in Windows 8), which did not appear to make any difference. I have not tested the adapter on Windows 8.1 - I would not count on it working properly on any variant of 8 though....
      » 
Read More


   I have not tested this product on Windows 8.1, but I do have some information that may be of use...I attempted to use this on Windows 8, and the driver did not detect any input, making it useless.  Although I only attempted to troubleshoot issues on Windows 8 for about 15 minutes, it was clear that the behavior was different from that displayed in Windows 7, Vista, and XP.  This includes compatibility mode (in Windows 8), which did not appear to make any difference.  I have not tested the adapter on Windows 8.1 - I would not count on it working properly on any variant of 8 though.  Sorry.  You may have better luck with this hardware if you search for another driver - some other drivers are compatible.  For example, I found that MotionJoy worked with the Xbox controller port (the Xbox controller driver provided with the adapter is defective).  I would not recommend MotionJoy now though given its known stability and security issues.In response to Come Fight Me - Xpadder is a useful tool for button mapping, but does not provide drivers of its own.  It needs these to detect or use a controller.
      « 

Show Less"
No, this will only work on PCs and Macs. If you want to use a Gamecube controller on the Wii U (for SSB I assume :D ) then Nintendo will be releasing an adapter to do just that on the Wii U either before or at the same time as SSB for the Wii U later this year. http://www.polygon.com/2014/5/29/5761960/wii-u-gamecube-controller-adapter-smash-bros
Yesjust plug and play
yes. my computer actually auto-downloaded the drivers(windows, sorry). google 3 in 1 magic joy box drivers and you should get there.
I'm going to assume you mean can multiple people use this at once. No, you cannot.
Yes, it does work, it doesn't care what controller you're using, you just set up the controls through your emulator and play. No special configuring.
It does allow for multiple controllers at the same time. Its worked for me with GCB and a ps1 ckbtroller . but I assume ps2 and Xbox would work too
Yes. I bought it to use with a Mac and a GameCube controller and it worked as soon as I plugged it in. I was using it to play Dusy: An Elusian Tail, which is designed for an Xbox controller so the button mapping was off but I think that's a consequence of the game.
Yes. It came with everything.
Not if you buy the PC version. It needs to be the MAC version to run on a MAC. You can tell which version it is by looking on the upper left hand side of the cover.
Buy the game and follow the download instructions
It didn't work on my windows 8. So I don't think so.
It worked on my windows 8 laptop, so it may work on windows 8.1
Yes
Yes
I never downloaded anything, but I guess you could retry it. If that doesn't work, re-install the game, or call customer support.
Yes it can.
I got a case with mine that had a paper on the tiger woods golf inside and on the back of that paper is thecode number...I hope this helps let me know
I don't know for sure - I was using windows 7., 64 bit and it seemed to work ok.  There were some bugs and hang ups but it eventually worked ok
Yes it will play on Win7 x64, I do daily.
Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 does not play ANY games made before 2012.PERIOD !!! You can find that over time you  will find Win 8 and Win 8.1 is only good for tablets and smart phones.You need a very high end,touch sensitive monitor just to get Win 8 and 8.1 to run its software !!! Out of over 400 games in my collection made from Dos era 1987 to Date,I could only get 3 games to play,AND those could run with strange keyboard set-ups.
No and I highly recommend this game to improve your poker game! Can play more hands per hour than even online poker sites if you choose to skip all the AI reaction time or skip to next hand once you fold.
Richard H., the answer is yes, Master Poker does run on Windows 8.  Windows 8 considers all software that worked on previous versions of Windows to be 'legacy' software. Win8 comes with a new desktop look, but still allows you to switch to the old familiar legacy Desktop, where it will run many legacy software programs. It will not run all older software written in every programming language, but it will run all software written in one of Microsoft's programming languages, which Master Poker, fortunately, is.  Hope this answers your question. / SS
Yes...I use Win 7 64 bit and it works great
I am using the 64-bit version of Windows 7 Professional Edition Service Pack 1 and have no problems with Master Poker.  If you are running the Home Edition you will probably be OK but I would definitely recommend an upgrade to the Professional Edition.
A note from the developer:There is no place in Master Poker where you must input the type or version of your Windows operating system. The address for tech support is all over your receipt and on the back of your CD. You can also write me directly through Amazon. Help is always here if you seek it in the right place, but I can't help if you don't contact me directly.
Mine says V2.0.1
Funny, Everybody is new at poker...This CD is by far the best tutorial ever.Best money I spent in a long time.Hours upon hours of fun.
Not that I am aware.
Not sure.When I bought the product there was an Email address from the developer.Hope this helps.
You cannot. It is a hard plastic case. If you need to have a shifter on the left, look into the Logitech G25 or G27 :)
My Dad is 96 years old and he uses his wheel daily for Gran Turismo 5 and 6. He loves his wheel !!!
Sorry, I don't know. Don't have the PS4.
They aren't big paddles but there are buttons on the back of the wheel that are used to shift.
Yes As far as I know but if you can make more resurch
My grandson used it fine on GTA
"The instruction manual was not in the box when I received it.  but my box was heavily damaged from shipping. I understand that can happen so it may be for you. if you decide to buy it feel free to ask me anything and I can help you set it up. it's very simple and I""ll be glad to help in any way I can."
in addition (just remembered) Sherlock Holmes would be a good choice for the 10yr old...those were pretty mild. I played one of Agatha Christies games and thought it was pretty pg...only a couple parts where there is a storm outside that feels spooky like halloween a little....
I just installed both Syberia & Syberia II on Win 7 and it looks like they will both run just fine. When install of Syberia is almost complete, you may get a Direct X 8 error. Don't worry; just click OK and continue! These games are my hubby's & my favorites, and we have played them both at least 5 times. I hope you enjoy them as much as we do!
only in english
no its the orginal version.
Together with the Myst series, this is my all-time favorite game. I have played this game on XP, Vista and then I downloaded the game on windows 7 and it worked great. I don't have a win 8, however I believe Microsoft uses similar technology to allow backward program compatibility.  If you like this genre, try Tunguska.
If that model number belongs to a ps3 that matches the one pictured for the fan , then yes it should fit. No the playstation will not run any different. Just a small fan running.
Yeah, the less heat the better for the system. Having the fan boosts the chances of extending your PS3's life by at least 3 years depending on how often you use it.
I have the 40 and it fits
It is not loud .. but it did not prevent my PS3 from overheating .. it might work for you ..
Not sure about fat  boy but mine seems to work good
It covers the back of the PS3 completely and is flush with the system. Doesn't really work though as it actually caused my PS3 to overheat faster.
Yes
You bet.
Yeah this does work with windows 8.1
Yes, have been using it on my laptop that is running windows 8.1 x64
While Windows 8 is not listed, it should work with Windows 8.1 I briefly tested it and it required the disk in the drive to work.
I bought this version (Scrabble Champion Edition Jewel case) and it works PERFECTLY for me in Win7.  Save the $2-3 and buy the jewel case, we all throw away the box anyway.  It's a good game too.
I have Windows 7 Home Premium and this Scrabble plays perfectly.  I click the shortcut  and it appears instantaneously.  Responses are fast and graphics are excellent.  I have never had the slightest problem--except my playing ability above level 5.
YES
Yes, it does. Some minor problems that I cannot fix are it plays on full screen (so horizontally enlarged) and a bit blur screen probably due to the 32/64 bit difference (not sure tho).
While I don't have Windows 8 on my own computer, my husband does and he uses this game nightly so can't see why you'd have any problems.
NO.  It comes on a CD that has to be in the CD-player every time you play it.
It works with Windows XP Pro, I don't see anywhere that says on the disc that it works only with specific versions, although I didn't get the box. It is a great game, & if it doesn't, u can ask Amazon to exchange it or issue you credit. It's a win-win situation.
Yes they will
The buttons and levers on the wheel stick and drag. The wheel didn't work well at all and we were not able to use it.
It can be used with a remote with the Wii plus built in, but not with one where the plus part snaps onto the bottom of the remote.
NO,it's plastic
I'm pretty sure it will. I think the wii remotes are all the same size.
U put the remote control in the wheel without the skin
yes
"Windows 7 is not real ""game"" friendly. I will work so long as you set the game to work under Win XP. But you need to change the compatibility settings for the program, either manually or by using the Program Compatibility troubleshooter."
HiI have recently bought a new Laptop which uses the Vista operating system. And so far have had no problems installing games. Many of the games I play are old 2005-7 and all seem to run no problems. Also newer games such as Age of Empires and Medieval Total War II are running well under Vista
It does. They're at the edge of the top left
Yes.
Home and End are located on the Num Pad and require Num Lock to be off. The F-keys are standard set up, nothing special.
No.
The device itself is. But the software is not. And some of the macroed buttons are not. And the function buttons don't work. But the side pad and stuff still do.
"yes, most definitely!  should you be able to get a close up shot of the keyboard to the left, you will see the six main keys in the center which includes the q, a w, s, e, d in the centermost area.  all of the numeric keys are up above those from 1-11.  the keys to the left of the q and a keys cover the alt, shift, caps, tab, and control keys.  the keys to the right of the e an d keys cover the alphas, r, t, f, g, v, b, p, c and a ""jump"" key.  i hope that you can get a good ""visual"" from the description that i gave.  When I first got the keyboard, I thought that there was no way that I could become functionable with the set up.  Honestly, the transition was so very fast!  I first transitioned by using the keyboard to the left and at times hit some of the keys on the regular keyboard to play.  I do believe that you will be very happy with it!



    yes, most definitely! should you be able to get a close up shot of the keyboard to the left, you will see the six main keys in the center which includes the q, a w, s, e, d in the centermost area. all of the numeric keys are up above those from 1-11. the keys to the left of the q and a keys cover the alt, shift, caps, tab, and control keys. the keys to the right of the e an d keys cover the alphas, r, t, f, g, v, b, p, c and a ""jump"" key. i hope that you can get a good ""visual"" from the description that i gave. When I first got the keyboard, I thought that there was no...
      » 
Read More


   yes, most definitely!  should you be able to get a close up shot of the keyboard to the left, you will see the six main keys in the center which includes the q, a w, s, e, d in the centermost area.  all of the numeric keys are up above those from 1-11.  the keys to the left of the q and a keys cover the alt, shift, caps, tab, and control keys.  the keys to the right of the e an d keys cover the alphas, r, t, f, g, v, b, p, c and a ""jump"" key.  i hope that you can get a good ""visual"" from the description that i gave.  When I first got the keyboard, I thought that there was no way that I could become functionable with the set up.  Honestly, the transition was so very fast!  I first transitioned by using the keyboard to the left and at times hit some of the keys on the regular keyboard to play.  I do believe that you will be very happy with it!
      « 

Show Less"
"21.5"" x 7.5"""
Yes, the LED in the keyboard has 3 colour options, Red, Blue, and Purple. There's a button at the top for colour change and LED brightness.
No, I guess they're not mechanical switch keys; Steelseries would specify that on their site for this keyboard if it were I'm pretty sure.  The feel is very good, so some people think it is mechanical; I can't tell by using it.  I recommend you find a Bestbuy that has one and check it out; you can probably even get them to hook it up to a pc so you can try it.  Then thank them for their time and buy from Amazon for the better price :)
I do not know. My daughter got it for her boyfriends birthday. He is a big Final Fantasy collector. From what she tells me, is 1 thru 13 is just on the game system. But there are some add on that do ask for an internet connection, but no monthly subscriptions. I'm sorry that I was not able to answer you question.
You can download it through the PSN and do not have to wait for the disks. I will caution you however that the PS3 version is not really very good due to its hardware limitations etc. It's playable, but tends to be very laggy in high traffic areas. I stuck it out until the PS4 version came out, and used that instead. If you don't have a PS4, you can still play well enough to justify buying the game for PS3 though. Hope that helps!
Did you buy it new because you have to. If you did buy it new then get in contact with the seller because they may need to get you a new copy.
"Yes Zines, You have already answered your question. Although this game is so addictive, YOU CAN'T PLAY WITHOUT A MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION BY ANY WAY, there's no offline game, even the main story needs a monthly fee. YES, it's a dumb. You pay only for a Blue ray disc with the game data and an online pass for 30 days of TRIAL, when those days ran out, a message like this appears ""you have to pay a subscription in order  to play"". That's a shame..."
Physical copy.
You need to contact amazon and/or square about that. Mine was on the back of the book in the case.
a mi me llego con cargador, todo bien
No
05g? As far as i know,  psp doesn't get updates anymore and all can have cfw (i have proC update cfw installed)
No just your standard psp games but this is just a straight download device so you have to download your games or cinvert your games to computer and then to the go.My opinion of this psp is its not bad its nice to not carry all those games.but it sucks downloading games cause it takes to long.hopes this helps
"It uses a proprietary sony memory card called an ""M2"". It is also used by some sony ericson phones."
No OEM/Manufacturers packaging.
The psp 3000 is a great gift for your son
Yes, it comes with the charger. it also contains manuals. basically the psp is like new.
The main game is single player.  However there are special stages that can be played two player outside the main game.  These two player stages are unlocked in single player, and consist of side scrolling platforming that gets challenging fast.
The regular wii remote is fine, the classic remote works also and is more comfortable in your hands.
Yes
You can skip them.
I do not know what a WII mini - but we do not have wi fi connected to ours
Yes
Wii-mote, Classic Controller, Gamecube, and Wii-mote nunchuk.
I bought this game near the release date for full price. I don't regret paying what I did and now that it's much cheaper I wouldn't pass it up. :)
No.  It is only 1 player.
Yes. The story in the 3DS game is a prequel to the Wii U game.
Like any of the LEGO games you can go back and get 100% completion. There is a lot of replay value here as going back to finish the game out and find all the extra bricks, characters, cars etc. is what makes it more enjoyable after the fact. I found the story to be fantastic and obviously from my review, I rate this game very highly.
No... unfortunately not.  Gamepad is used as a device by your character in the game
Absolutely!  It is a super fun, appropriate for all ages game.
It is the ultimate free roam. Better than any other Lego game. It is the ultimate a d aweso.email 1 player adveture! My most desired sequel, and I never even liked Lego games before this. Buy it and enjoy!
I just answered your question,but If you click onto Scramble at the top of the game it will shuffle the game while you are playing it.
I have not put it on a laptop.  But it seems to work okay with Windows 7 on my PC.  Should work OK.
Would not recommend this product the disks are loaded with Malware and will infect your computer!
"you can fix the battery yourself. if you have about 10 mins and a soldering iron. 1.use a small razor knife, work around battery casing cutting through the glue. corners are the hardest part. dont cut all the way through. be careful not to cut your pinkie and use care when trying to open casing. Just go slow and dont force anything. you need the old casing!!!!after opening clean off ledges on casing. the batteries have a part number on them. go on line and buy a couple. under $3 apiece. use solding iron to remove and install new one/ones. note how they are wired up and install same way,,, put back together and use just a dab of crazy glue.   peace



    you can fix the battery yourself. if you have about 10 mins and a soldering iron. 1.use a small razor knife, work around battery casing cutting through the glue. corners are the hardest part. dont cut all the way through. be careful not to cut your pinkie and use care when trying to open casing. Just go slow and dont force anything. you need the old casing!!!!after opening clean off ledges on casing. the batteries have a part number on them. go on line and buy a couple. under $3 apiece. use solding iron to remove and install new one/ones. note how they are wired up and install same...
      » 
Read More


   you can fix the battery yourself. if you have about 10 mins and a soldering iron. 1.use a small razor knife, work around battery casing cutting through the glue. corners are the hardest part. dont cut all the way through. be careful not to cut your pinkie and use care when trying to open casing. Just go slow and dont force anything. you need the old casing!!!!after opening clean off ledges on casing. the batteries have a part number on them. go on line and buy a couple. under $3 apiece. use solding iron to remove and install new one/ones. note how they are wired up and install same way,,, put back together and use just a dab of crazy glue.   peace
      « 

Show Less"
The Rat 9 that i bought the other day just came in, it's 5600DPI. Pretty misleading product page.
"Actually, a company can end it's fiscal quarters/year whenever it wants to.  For example, Dell's Q4 is November 1 - January 31.  I've worked in the computer industry for 20+ years, and when it comes to new product announcements, they're always talking calendar year.  So, hopefully by June 30th.Another standard in the computer industry is that when a product doesn't ship on time, all inquiries about a new release date will be answered with ""two weeks"" until it finally does ship (this can go on for years, assuming it ever does ship).  Hopefully this product will be on time, because I want one now!



    Actually, a company can end it's fiscal quarters/year whenever it wants to. For example, Dell's Q4 is November 1 - January 31. I've worked in the computer industry for 20+ years, and when it comes to new product announcements, they're always talking calendar year. So, hopefully by June 30th.Another standard in the computer industry is that when a product doesn't ship on time, all inquiries about a new release date will be answered with ""two weeks"" until it finally does ship (this can go on for years, assuming it ever does ship). Hopefully this product will be on time,...
      » 
Read More


   Actually, a company can end it's fiscal quarters/year whenever it wants to.  For example, Dell's Q4 is November 1 - January 31.  I've worked in the computer industry for 20+ years, and when it comes to new product announcements, they're always talking calendar year.  So, hopefully by June 30th.Another standard in the computer industry is that when a product doesn't ship on time, all inquiries about a new release date will be answered with ""two weeks"" until it finally does ship (this can go on for years, assuming it ever does ship).  Hopefully this product will be on time, because I want one now!
      « 

Show Less"
The dimensions are, and these are not exact: 4.5 inches from front to back (length), 3 inches from side to side (width), and 1.25 inches tall.The palm rest extends to make it almost 5 inches long but does not affect mouse to desk contact length.
The allen screw is fastened really tight and can be hard to unscrew on first adjustment. I used an allen key to remove the screw on first adjustment. If you mean that the tool slips between your fingers use an allen key the first time you remove the pinky rest, if you mean the tool slips in the screw head then you have damaged the head, try using a larger allen key or a grip paste on the screw head.
It was probably just the other black piece that holds the weights in, if the tool holds them in then I don't really see a problem.
Yes
Yes
yes it has a 250 gb removable hard drive and the 4 gb internal.
The av cord on all xboxs are the same however the power cords to switch from unit to unit . Xbox 360 has 2 different power sources where as the slim use only one. http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41jGFTGuMCL._SX385_.jpg
I bought it around June. Maybe July. Can't remember the exact date. But I have yet to have a problem with it.
For the 360 you buy the Kinect device seperate.
No hard drive
No it's up to the buyer.
Yes
I use Logitch Extreme 3D Pro and it works for me. Can't get the throttle to work on the joystick, but the key board works for that. Hope that helps.
"No, you do not. I have the original rise of flight and rise of flight iron cross edition. The second one was released with more planes to start with this was the one change for sure in the 2 releases of the game. Rise of flight iron cross came out shortly after the first one was released with the updated content.As far as the game being playable like the other review said it comes down to this, It's a flight sim and much more than a game. You can set how hard the game is for controlling the aircraft but it dose take time to learn to fly the aircraft well. Anything worth while takes time to learn and become a solid player and this sim is no different. It is worth the time and money and the graphics are hard to find anything better in this type of product. As far as flight sims go this is one of the best I have ever played. I have played for around 3 years now and with the updates to game that come with new aircraft and other content it is still as much fun for me as when I first played it when it was released.



    No, you do not. I have the original rise of flight and rise of flight iron cross edition. The second one was released with more planes to start with this was the one change for sure in the 2 releases of the game. Rise of flight iron cross came out shortly after the first one was released with the updated content.As far as the game being playable like the other review said it comes down to this, It's a flight sim and much more than a game. You can set how hard the game is for controlling the aircraft but it dose take time to learn to fly the aircraft well. Anything worth while takes...
      » 
Read More


   No, you do not. I have the original rise of flight and rise of flight iron cross edition. The second one was released with more planes to start with this was the one change for sure in the 2 releases of the game. Rise of flight iron cross came out shortly after the first one was released with the updated content.As far as the game being playable like the other review said it comes down to this, It's a flight sim and much more than a game. You can set how hard the game is for controlling the aircraft but it dose take time to learn to fly the aircraft well. Anything worth while takes time to learn and become a solid player and this sim is no different. It is worth the time and money and the graphics are hard to find anything better in this type of product. As far as flight sims go this is one of the best I have ever played. I have played for around 3 years now and with the updates to game that come with new aircraft and other content it is still as much fun for me as when I first played it when it was released.
      « 

Show Less"
Both
Yes
The last time I checked, when I clicked the link to go to the product page, one of the pictures IS the official cable because of the embossed Microsoft logo, however, when I ordered one, I got a knock-off. I just recently found a first-party cable at Wal-Mart for twice as much, but at least I now have one that I know for a fact as first-party. As I said in my review, just to stay safe, your better off looking elsewhere because you don't have that guarantee here. I hope this helps.
"Yes, you can transfer any memory to all 360's. (Arcade/Pro/Elite etc.) It is possible to transfer data to slim from any old 360 as well too. The only problem is slim to slim HDD, and that's because the casing is built different. This old transfer cable will plug into a slim 360's USB port, but the other end will not fit into the hard drive. There is slim adapter for the fit of the the newly built casing, but money and time can be saved when you take apart the old 360/slim HDD's. Then you can place the old hard drive into the slim casing and screw it back together. That's just a shortcut I would take if I don't need any further memory yet.



    Yes, you can transfer any memory to all 360's. (Arcade/Pro/Elite etc.) It is possible to transfer data to slim from any old 360 as well too. The only problem is slim to slim HDD, and that's because the casing is built different. This old transfer cable will plug into a slim 360's USB port, but the other end will not fit into the hard drive. There is slim adapter for the fit of the the newly built casing, but money and time can be saved when you take apart the old 360/slim HDD's. Then you can place the old hard drive into the slim casing and screw it back together. That's just a shortcut I...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, you can transfer any memory to all 360's. (Arcade/Pro/Elite etc.) It is possible to transfer data to slim from any old 360 as well too. The only problem is slim to slim HDD, and that's because the casing is built different. This old transfer cable will plug into a slim 360's USB port, but the other end will not fit into the hard drive. There is slim adapter for the fit of the the newly built casing, but money and time can be saved when you take apart the old 360/slim HDD's. Then you can place the old hard drive into the slim casing and screw it back together. That's just a shortcut I would take if I don't need any further memory yet.
      « 

Show Less"
How most cables should be set up for the original 360s are where you place whatever hard drive you WANT to transfer content TO needs to be connected to your system, and your existing hard drive needs to be connected with the box end of the cable. The USB end connects to the back of the system where you would plug a wireless adapter or some other accessory. Be warned about my review however; if its third party, you could wipe your new hard drive. I do NOT know about the slim or X1 looking models. I hope this helps answer your question. :-)
Yes it can.
No. The transfer cable powers the new hard drive while transferring.
No. It's for transfer from one hard drive to another only... The hardware in the cord does the transfer automatically.
Bought mine 5 months ago and it came with one.
Yes. I purchased this product though and it did not work, it would hook up to the TV and turn on but it would not read any games I put in it. I tried multiple games none would work.
I dont know. I dont have any original controllers. Sorry.
No, you will need a converter
As long as you have the rca or composite connections, yes
Check with best buy they have connectors for that
POWER BUTTON BROKE AND WONT WORK
Some of my games work and some don't. I think you should try to clean the cartridge. If it still doesn't work, i don't know.
Yes
No, It is just a standard remote.
It says that, but when I tried to connect it to the WII it would act like it registered, then when I selected two player in a game, a screen popped up and told me to reconnect the remote. I repeated this 5 times and it never connected.
They dont sync right. Mine do not sync either. Took a chance and got burned.
Yes
They are not OEM but work pretty good
Motion plus is built in.  You do not need anything additional.
I didn't even get to use the card, it's all empty and they won't refund my money
Try call sony helpline
It will be sent by email.  Should be good as long as you are using it on a US account.
You don't have to buy the physical card.  You can purchase the digital code.  When you get the code you can enter it directly on your ps4.
This will automatically populate your screen with the code that you can copy down after purchase. The code will also be available to view in your account if you ever want to see it again.
You must hace a US address in order to buy it
It works with my USA PSN account
It only works in US PSN accounts...
Hi you can buy any code gift you want any time simply add to your card by Amazon payments but must your account be a USA
i think you cant use the card cause it is only for USA accounts. you can sell it and buy another card from your country. also you can create a psn USA account to use the card
Yes it does. My son has a 3DS and uses this one.
More as a backup in a hotel, or to keep at grandmas house kind of thing, my grand children are always forgetting theirs so, there is one here now, and I will get one for the cottage too  probably.
We've had this charger for about 3+\- months & have had no problems with it.
Orginal
I bought this a while back its as long as the one that comes with the ds
think charger the cord wasn't the normal size that you get with a ds it was short you have to sit really close to the outlet
The newer models don't need a memory card. The games themselves store data in the cartridge so you can play them on one 3DS then switch to another if you want to without losing any game time or information. So in a way, yeah it comes with a memory card but it's more so the games than the system :)
Yes, my purchase had come with the cards.
Yes or 2ds
No, the feature in the bottom of the system was taken away as the DSi was Relased, and wasn't added onto the 3DS
I believe the eShop is part of the 3DS. I have a different color, but it still has the application that lets me go into the eShop.
This is a suitable gift for children. It has parental controls so you can limit what she does, such as browsing the Internet. 3ds Internet has Safe Browsing enabled. You can buy games online, or buy the cartridges. I would suggest buying games online, so your child doesn't accidentally lose or damage their game. The cartridges are a bit small and easy to lose track of if not taken care of. Also if you lose your stylus, you can order new ones for cheap. Those are also easy to lose.
Yes this is US version
No art work,  but the map is there
Yes
I have not had any problems. It works great. Is yours freezing?
It works for all PS3s in the world no matter what country
This is the physical copy so you don't need to download it. As for any updates you would need WiFi and you need WiFi if you want to play multilayer
No mam it's not but they is completely up to the parent
I bought about a month ago and it works great. Play nearly every day and i have cloned my system to an SSD. No problems.
Yes, it works awesomely and on my 64bit system to boot!And the better the graphics card, the better and more graphics you will be allowed to view in game, i.e. you can download a special expansion graphics pack that makes things nearly real life. So, get it, and enjoy!
It actually uses Origin instead of Steam. The Origin client and an origin account are required to play though.
It should, however if your system is using xp and you are having problems running the game, the problems are more likely to be hardware related. Too little ram or not enough power in you video card. This game is intensive on older systems.
i believe so, i ran it on 7, but have heard that all the 8 & 8.1 versions can run in an emulator mode for older versions if you need...it may run fine as is. have fun, it was a good game.
Apparently you get the bow earlier in the game and a few other features, which didn't mean a lot, honestly I only bought the Hunter's edition because it was pretty much the same price as the regular edition, but if there is a cheaper version of the original $10 or so cheaper, I would say that is a batter choice.
Not that I'm aware of.  The other consideration is the violence.  There isn't tons of gore, but the nature in which you eliminate enemies can be pretty graphic and intense depending on the maturity level/age of the player.
im using win 7
Yes
Yes, if you have a USB enabled XBOX(360/1) Controller. The game supports Game Controllers(USB Paddles,Console Controllers) with 360 Controls built in. - Although your accuracy will be much lower than mouse controls due to not having aim-assist in the PC Version.
"I believe LTO mean "" Limited Time Offer"""
Standard Edition - Limited Time Offer
Sorry I'm out of town.
Yes it is
Yes, you can play Zombies and Multiplayer online.
It just came with ascension bundle.  Guessing limited time offer I could be wrong ;)
no way this is a ps3 version ONLY, its a great great game, but violent
Yes!  All 3ds games work great in the 2ds.  We have had no trouble.
Most 3DS games have the language set to what your system's language is set to.
Totally. Maybe he/she would be terrible at first. But the kid could learn. I, as a 'kid' myself, can say it. When I was five, I loved this games, so somehow I managed to learn how to play it.Mario Kart is a game for all ages! No matter how old you are, you will always have fun playing it! :)
Of course! The 3DS XL is just a different 3DS model, not an entirely different game system
Yes, if you wish to play with someone far away from where you are, you both need cartridges...you can play on wireless though, without cartidges. Although the person without the cartridge will be a Shy Guy.Have a nice day :)
Yes, its fully supported only difference is screen/unit size in 3DS-XL.
Mine did not come w a case
I really don't know - I have Windows 7.  I will tell you that I was somewhat disappointed with Jigsaw World.  The problem is that it doesn't save what you've done on a puzzle.  If you get half the puzzle done & then have to leave, you have to start over when you go back to the game.
yes. on vista also which is what I have.
Yes mine dosnt, I have to manuelly add everything.
all I did was install the drivers that came with it .I have installed on 2 different pc's both with windows 7 I have only had problems with getting them to work with music ..I have 2 sets of them on same pc and like i said had zero install issues
Well.... Chances are it could Just be broken? One of mine broke, at first I thought it was just a software problem but eventfully determined it was faulty hardware, I returned them and got my my money back! Shortly after I discovered the adalight mod, in in love with it, recommend 100% worth the hard work
Yes, you can use it on your PC and Skype.
Diane, no they are not. I specifically bought them for that reason because I have heard from owners of wireless headphones that the battery does not last that long and in order to keep using them after the battery dies, you have to buy another battery (which aren't cheap). Hope this helped.
The headset has 3 connections: 1) a 3.5mm stereo audio input (to plug into a standard headphone out on an audio source) 2) a 3.5mm stereo mic output (to plug into a microphone level in on some device).  Though there really is only a single microphone.. I don't know why the plug is stereo.and 3) a USB plug for power (it does some amplification)
For me personally they fit around my ears.  The inside cavities (the inside part with the logo on them, not the cushions themselves) are approximately 3 inches high and 2 inches wide, if that helps.
Depends on your tv. if you have an old regular tv, no. However, if you an flat screen, most likely not. If it has an audio in or out (red and white slots) then no. However, you need it if you use an HDMI for xbox because the standard A/V cable that comes with xbox 360 blocks the HDMI slot which you are trying to use. Look it up on You-Tube, which you can still use a alternative cheap way of fixing that. However, I myself bought the adapter because I felt like to, I didn't need it, but did. You can buy the cheap one or the Turtle Beaches adapter, both do the same job.
You can use the x12 on a pc...it does not have voice changing capability.
It plugs into both the Controller and the Xbox these Headphones have a lot of wires but for the price and sound quality they are hard to beat,As long as you don't mind a lot of wires.
I have 2 teenage sons who say they are very comfortable, unfortunately the mic went out on them after about 10 months so they no longer use them.
No but I have had a lot of problems with them.
"Might need more information to go on like OS, make and model of your computer, driver version for the steelseries world of warcraft legendary mouse, firmware version (if applicable), and what exactly you can't get the mouse to do. As far as official ""support"", no Steelseries has not released a driver that is related to the Mists of Pandaria expansion. That being said, all the same functionality I experienced with the Legendary Edition mouse in Cataclysm I am experiencing in Pandaria. So please elaborate?"
Yes
Yes, I have windows 8 and works perfect.
DPI is for your screen.  I don't think a mouse has anything to do with DPI (dots per inch).
The mouse cord is like any other mouse - good length.  The item is not heavy at all.
YES.
I use it for both gaming and regular use.
Unfortunately I couldn't but I never found my self using that feature anyways, its very easy to just remove the touch pad from inside the keyboard, I love this keyboard but that touchpad was a pain in the butt.
Yes and Yes
you can but it is very low audio. i recommend anything other than this headset such as astro, etc.
On any 360 game
found them in at least 2 places:Amazon.com on page:  http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_i_5_25?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords;=xbox%20360%20wireless%20headset%20bluetooth&sprefix;=xbox+360+wireless+headset%2Caps%2C317  For $30-$40 + shipping (?)   AND LISTED WITH    Ebay.com UNDER  Xbox X360 Wireless MW3 Headset Good Luck
No.
It does have English subtitles.
It has English subtitles and Japanese audio
There is a similar Xbox One title, but the Xbox One does not support use or play Xbox 360 game disks.  It also requires a Kinect.
I'm a beginner, and found this hard to follow. It's not good about giving you a heads up about what's coming. It also changes moves too quickly in my opinion. By the time I was starting to catch on, it was already six steps into the next dance step. You pretty much have to repeat the song until you had it memorized, or make up your own moves. Haha. Though Zumba fitness had problems, I enjoyed that one much more and went back to it after trying rush out a few days.
I works with any xbox kinect successfully attached to your console
It is so much better since it focus in the whole body and the sessions range are really nice
Yes. Two player mode
The biggest difference that I noticed is that the songs seem faster paced in Zumba Rush.
No, but there are a lot of songs in Spanish on this game.
Virtually no background noise
It lets hear both and u can hear music too
Your headset receives whatever sounds are coming over your TV.  You can hear your games just as much as you can on your TV.  In fact, if you need, you will hear your standard TV channels, DVDs, etc., over your headset
If you purchase a Xbox One headset adapter you can use the X32 with an Xbox One and you won't need to use your Kinect for chat. For chat you would run a cord from the headset to the adapter, which lugs into the Xbox One wireless game controller. http://www.turtlebeach.com/products/accessories/xbox-one-adapters.
Yea you hear everything..which side from behind...youll love the way it sounds when you become the predator or Michael Meyers
No the WiFi receiver is programed to one headset at a time.
Mic sounds great and no one online has complained about my mic. can hear everyone else great too.
You do not need to purchase anything for it to work on your Xbox 360. These type of headphones do not work with the Xbox one
"Yes.  If it does not auto-detect, go to the device manager and look for it.  It will likely be listed as ""Unknown Hardware""  Right-click, update driver, browse to the bottom of the list and ""XBOX 360 Peripherals and accessories"" or something to that effect will be listed.  Select this and the list of hardware will appear.  Choose the XBOX 360 Wireless receiver and go through the install process.  The controller/receiver will be installed.  Just confirmed it by installing about five minutes ago in Win8.1."
http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-controller-for-windows here to update Drivers and then   this how you sync your pc to your controller https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaqFQkSrikA
I have connected at least 2 controllers. I believe a single unit will connect up to 4.
Yes use it everyday
Yes, you have to download the program from microsoft bc the one on the disk is out dated. Go to your device manager, you'll see an unrecognized device - updated, choose your own, microsoft accessory or something and the 2009 (latest) 360 wireless driver.  I got this from others who posted it and it saved me from almost throwing it thru my window.
Yes you can just go here http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-wireless-controller-for-windows download
We  don't have MAC
Reports from others online suggest that the Microsoft Branded USB Receiver DOES work with the Amazon Fire TV.Has anyone who's bought THIS one had the chance to try it out with the Fire TV?
"When I bought the gaming receiver, the CD didn't really help with installation so I looked online for installation software.You can install the software from the Windows website:http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-wireless-controller-for-windowsAnd if you have problems even after installing the software, check out this YouTube video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJSzC7mrduU&src;_vid=InwN0fyHy0w&feature;=iv&annotat;ion_id=annotation_3692610237When you first install the receiver, your computer probably won't recognize it as a receiver. The video will teach both how to install it and how to make it easier for the computer to recognize.



    When I bought the gaming receiver, the CD didn't really help with installation so I looked online for installation software.You can install the software from the Windows website:http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-wireless-controller-for-windowsAnd if you have problems even after installing the software, check out this YouTube video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJSzC7mrduU&src;_vid=InwN0fyHy0w&feature;=iv&annotat;ion_id=annotation_3692610237When you first install the receiver, your computer probably won't recognize it as a...
      » 
Read More


   When I bought the gaming receiver, the CD didn't really help with installation so I looked online for installation software.You can install the software from the Windows website:http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-wireless-controller-for-windowsAnd if you have problems even after installing the software, check out this YouTube video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJSzC7mrduU&src;_vid=InwN0fyHy0w&feature;=iv&annotat;ion_id=annotation_3692610237When you first install the receiver, your computer probably won't recognize it as a receiver. The video will teach both how to install it and how to make it easier for the computer to recognize.
      « 

Show Less"
"If you're using Microsoft you should be able to browse your computer for the drivers (Windows 7: Devices and Printers - right click USB Receiver for properties  - click hardware tab - properties - driver tab - update driver - browse computer. There may be multiple options provided by Microsoft ""Xbox 360 Controller for Windows,"" if the first one doesn't work try the next)."
The answer is yes. I also have the original Vita and it works great.
No. Fat version only (1000 series)
I think it has to do with how you charge it. I thought mine wasn't holding a charge after a few months, but what I found is that if you charge the Power Grip and Vita separately, then it holds its full charge. I don't recall if the manual says to do that, but that's what works for me. I get a full week out of mine on one charge, no problem (one hour train commute to and from work and some time before bed here and there).
I bought this because it is the most comfortable grip out there. I have the portable charger as well, but the benefit the power grip has over the external battery is that there are no wires if you are charging the Vita with it. If that doesn't bother you then it is just a really nice grip that happens to charge the vita as well.
Yes it should definitely work.
No I don't believe so
no it does not come with a charger
Yes the port on the bottom of the grip allows you to be plugged in while it is on the vita (in the event you forgot to charge the grip and Vita and are both dead). Personally I never ran into this issue as the grip gives you that second charge for your vita :)
Yes it will fit. The Vita is placed into the Nyko grip at an angle (Top first and then bottom) and once it's resting in the grip there will be only a slight latch on the top and bottom to partially secure it. The main way the Vita is secured is by the locking mechanism on the bottom side at the charging port.  The Hori should not ever be affected by what little this grip actually is touching on the Vita's face.
Until Amazon ends it's campaign against book publishers, I refuse to spend any money here.
Yes
Yes it does.
It does come on a cd, and only on a cd
I bought the one that was recommended on the Xplane site at the time. It has some minor issues. Check some gaming sites and ask there.
i have an earlier macbook pro and play X-plane 10 on it.  I don't see any reason why not.
It would work better with a joystick. Works on Yosemite too
X Plane 10 may work with your MacBook May, 2006, but it will not be capable to utilize all the programs within X Plane 10.  I have been an X Plane user since the old 7.5 days.  You will find that X Plane 9 will work well (It did on my MacBook November 2006).  However, X Plane 10 was largely a disaster.  I recently bought a new iMac with 8 MB of ram and a very fast video card and X Plane works great.  Fast, smooth and great graphics with Super Retina DisplayHope this is helpful.  Happy flying
Yes. Ritms are easy to get into and like them.
I don't know. I do know that Just dance 4 has a copyright year if 2012 printed on the disc. It could still be what your wisher wants. I'm sorry I can't be more help
I don't know. You might want to contact Nintendo and ask if the U.S. programs are compatible with Europe.
If you want them to be able to interact with game, you do have to get another controller. But before I bought a second controller my siste would just follow along with the game.  I hope this helps
You can have up to 4 girls dancing at one time. Yes you need a remote for each of them if you want to record their score and see who wins. If they just want to dance for fun then they can all dance by just following the person on screen. Either ways are fun. Hope I answered your question! Happy dancing!
It require the Wii remote controller does not need a mat. Just a good set of space to move.
I'm not sure if DDR & Just Dance are compatible. So I can't say for sure.
A nintendo wii, it is a video game so you need a console
No they were not remastered.  You just receive a download code for the game on PSN
Yes, because the codes to download the games can be used just one time, and BEWARE, i had bougt this game and im not from united states and for that reasson i could'nt download the games with the codes so i spend my money for nothimg usefull...
There are no codes.... they were already used
The one i got was only 6 didnt have any other game with it
Most of the time if the game was from another country it will state it.  Wen i bought mine i just made sure it was from a state in the USA.  I wanted the BIO-Hazzard Resident evil but it was only produced in Japan.  Most sellers put what region...I looked at the game you are interested in and it looks like it would play in US only.  Sorry i wasn't much help.
It's just 1 disc. Games 1 through 5 are downloadable content only, from the online Playstation store.
I've never played the Game Cube versions but I've played the original PlayStation versions and that's exactly what it looks like.
As far as I know ps4 is not backwards compatible at all. Thats why is you bought call of duty or battle feild 4 you could by it for ps4 for 10 dollars.Either way by it new your getting like 6 games it's worth it if you have a ps3
You need to give them your console , or tell them to add on an external hdd then transfer it to your console , and it has to be downloaded from your PSN account so you can play it
Yeah, buddy. Picked up Titanfall and had gotten it the week before for that purpose. Looking forward to being able to play Battlfield 4.
You need the 500gb slim version or you can take apart the regular 500gb one (if you have the right screwdriver).  The 320gb and 500gb both work well, it just depends on how much space you need.
Yes it works perfectly and has not shown any signs of malfunction..
"You should not need cables at all. First, you will need to identify the type of xbox you have. If you have a ""fat"" (curved sides,  no vent on side), you purchased the wrong hard drive. If your Xbox is ""slim"", (angled or straight sides, vent on the side) then you will need to remove the small vent on the side of the Xbox and slide the drive in."
I haven't had that issue, i installed 6 games between new and old games to the HDD and it's working fine. so far so good
Sure does. It will ask him when he first starts the game(any game) where he wants to save the data to.
I'm using it for BF4 with no problems. Not sure about Watch Dogs, but it works with all my titles, even GTA V (which requires a hard drive for content installation). Pretty sure you'd have no problems, but if you did you can always use a USB stick alongside it or by itself.
The way im thinking is doing it by clonning software on a pc.
"By ""regular xbox 360"" do you mean the original XBox?  This drive is only for the newer 360 S (Slim).  This page explains the different storage options depending on the type of XBox you have:  http://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-360/accessories/storage"
yes it will work fine
I would like to know the same thing. I am assuming below 4.5, but I'm not sure...
Netflix is also available on the 3DS.
"Hi there Torey W! Unfortuneately, the 3DS series is completely regionlocked (3DS/i/XL/[2DS]). There are, I believe, three regions - Europe-Australia /  Canada-America / Asia. If you buy a 3DS in America, it can only play games from America. If you are interested in buying a Japanese version of the 3DSXL, you'll need to look into buying a 3DSLL, which is the name of the system in Japan. It'll be expensive, but there are so, SO many more colors and combinations that you can buy. That said, it is still possible to interact with people who have different region-locks. Even though my 3DS is American, I can still interact with Japanese and European 3DS' in all ways.I hope this helps!!



    Hi there Torey W! Unfortuneately, the 3DS series is completely regionlocked (3DS/i/XL/[2DS]). There are, I believe, three regions - Europe-Australia / Canada-America / Asia. If you buy a 3DS in America, it can only play games from America. If you are interested in buying a Japanese version of the 3DSXL, you'll need to look into buying a 3DSLL, which is the name of the system in Japan. It'll be expensive, but there are so, SO many more colors and combinations that you can buy. That said, it is still possible to interact with people who have different region-locks. Even though my...
      » 
Read More


   Hi there Torey W! Unfortuneately, the 3DS series is completely regionlocked (3DS/i/XL/[2DS]). There are, I believe, three regions - Europe-Australia /  Canada-America / Asia. If you buy a 3DS in America, it can only play games from America. If you are interested in buying a Japanese version of the 3DSXL, you'll need to look into buying a 3DSLL, which is the name of the system in Japan. It'll be expensive, but there are so, SO many more colors and combinations that you can buy. That said, it is still possible to interact with people who have different region-locks. Even though my 3DS is American, I can still interact with Japanese and European 3DS' in all ways.I hope this helps!!
      « 

Show Less"
I would recommend the Sony MDR-222KD Children's Headphones
Yes
Yes. It is the exact same product from Nintendo as the ones seen in store. Just be sure you are getting the color you want, which will be labeled in the description. The color scheme (ex. red/black) means the lid or top of the DS is red and the bottom portion is black. The lower portion on all 3DS XL's are black unless it is a special edition which it would specify. Hope this answer helps. I love my 3DS XL. Worth the purchase.
En el menu primo escoja Configuracion de la consola/ entonce Otras opciones/ #4, el primero opcion es Idioma/ escoja la tercera linea- Espanol. From the main menu select System Settings/ Other Settings/ #4- Language/ the third line is Spanish.
The games on the disk are Big Bad Spins, Goddess of the Sea, Red, Spiderweb, Wild Stallions, Gnaughty Gnomes, Luckiest Catch, Sparkle, Tumtum, Wild Virus, Four Seasons, Girl's Night Out, Stone Age Spins, Treasures of the Pharaohs, Water World, Dueces Wild, Jacks or Better, Double Premium Poker, Triple Premium Poker and Jokers Wild.  Hope this helps.
are u talking about chicken coop or are u talking about something else?
I didn't need the disc.  However, on some of these games, it requires a disc.
Off hand, No.  I can't list the games, however, there are quite a few games and it is extremely enjoyable.  You have to play to unlock future games.  When you gain enough points or charms, it allows you to open a new game.  You will like it.
I cannot answer, as I never could get game to load.  Sorry.
Yes! There are 8 kinds of element giant skylander, you can use any one to explore a place or to break something where you find a giant icon.  And you may some bonus or some stuff.  Anyway you don't need to use giants still can finish the game (not completed), otherwise waste $$ on giants.
No. If you go to the Skylanders Activision game page for Giants, towards the bottom it lists the systems it is available for. PS2 is not there. Here is the link to that page. http://www.skylanders.com/video-games/skylanders-giants  Look towards the bottom, there is a bit picture of the character Hot Head and it lists the systems there and also at the bottom of each particular game page. This means they only made and sold starter packs, which you have to have so you can have the portal for the figure to sit on and the game disc, for those systems.
Sorry I don't know as we have Xbox, and my son usually only plays with them on the ipad version.  The info at the very top of the page for the item (under the name) states: Platform: PlayStation, Xbox
I bought it for WII 2 but I have been told it will work with either.  It did work on the WII.
Not, this character don't work wii u, you need special one
If I understand your question correctly, yes it's is two peices one that goes over the top an one over the bottom.
Unfortunately it cannot fit the DSi XL....sorry. Yes I do have the DSi XL and tried it but it didn't work :p
Yes, everything is easy to get to. All of the buttons, 3D slider, Sound, stylus, camera, speakers, is open. The picture and shipped product match. I have big man hands, and this fits.
No, it wouldn't. The dreamGEAR IS A CASE WITHIN ITSELF. It gives a great controller feel to it and provides security from accidental drops, NOT any intentional spikes to the floor. Overall. From one gamer to another, this completed my XL gaming experience!
Sadly no, it more of stretches around the handheld than a snug look and the button perforation isn't set for the new 3ds xl. You can mod it but the whole thing slips off pretty easy being that it doesn't fit correctly.
yes, i had the same cramping problem and this totally helped my hands stay more relaxed. your fingers will curl around the bottom cushion and not the small plastic console. it comes as two pieces, screen cover and finger pad cover. any more questions, let me know.
NO.This WILL NOT fit the New 3DS XL that released in Feb 2015. The NEW model has extra buttons, has the stylus and cartridge slot in different spots and is slightly bigger. I contacted the manufacturer and they responded saying there will be a new one for the NEW 3DS XL sometime around April 2015. No exact date though.
Yes there will be a new one for the NEW 3DS XL that released in Feb 2015.I contacted the manufacturer and they responded saying sometime around April 2015. No exact date though.
Yes, it will close. There are two separate covers for the top and buttom of the 3ds xl. The game will open and close easily.
The Dreamgear fits skin-tight so, no, it won't fit over a protective plastic case without stretching too much and possibly tearing.
No, I have not been able to get any of the games to work on Windows 8 at all.  They download but you are unable to play them.  I have tried re-installing the game with no luck.  DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE WINDOWS 8
A few of the games might work if you are lucky. For the most part, no.
Yes
I play Tiberian Dawn, Red Alert 1, and Tiberian Sun on it. You may need some patches, google them and it will work.
No
Yes
This controller is for the Wii U only and will not work when playing Wii games on the Wii U.
You actually don't, most games have plenty of compatible controllers. I would recommend buying the pro controller if you find yourself uncomfortable with the wiipad.
Sadly, no, the Wii U Pro Controller is currently not compatible with any original Wii software. An update which could patch in functionality is possible, but not likely. Your best option is the Classic Controller Pro originally designed for the Wii, which also works with the Wii U.
Its less sensitive than the Dualshock. It lasts longer than the dualshock and surprisingly it feels a bit comfortable than the dualshock. Theyre both great controllers but I can see the Wii U pro lasting a lot longer in quality.
Yes!
You cannot. The wii u pro controller has no motion controls built in.
The Wii U Pro controller is only designed for Wii U games. Wii games on Wii U can only be played with controllers that were supported by the regular Wii, such as the regular Wiimote, wiimote+nunchuck, or the Classic Controller Pro. The Wii U also does not have slots for a gamecube controller so those can't be used as well. You'll need a wiimote, the good news is that a lot of Wii U games actually support this older controller and it can be used to navigate Wii U menus so it wouldn't be a bad purchase Nintendo Wii Remote Plus - Black
Yes it can, but for wii virtual console games, you'll need a classic controller. For Wii U though, it should work with any vc game.
I have not done responsive test with controller connected to system.
I think it can't played on PS4.Actually I don't like the AC3
The one l bought came in a Clear Case not that Greatest Hits.
Mine came in the actual box.
Yes
Unfortunately, it doesn't...just English as default language.
Both giants and spyro's will play on the original...all will play on the new (larger) one
The game can be played on the Wii, as well as other gaming consoles. If your going to buy the starter pack, the one with the actual game, be sure you purchase the right one for the Wii. The figures themselves are not exclusive to any gaming console.
yes
Hello. There is no straight forward answer to this question as its a personal choice. Just be sure what skylanders game he has. There are four games now and each game has different characters for it.
Yes. It came with the figurines, a mini manual, and 3 legendary cards. It's perfectly packaged new
Look in the upper left of the package.  It does not list the DSi XL.  Check out the red version, it lists it.  I have just been comparing the packaging since I want to purchase one and noticed this difference.
surprisingly i got mine from a friend who had it for about 6 months and i've had it over a year now and it still works but i have the old ds one
Hey, it's should. I never got mine but the game slot is the same size in the 3Ds and XL.
Lets not confuse AR Cards with this device they are both two different items but to answer your question that has nothing to do with this AR, those cards are not needed on used 3DS units you can go to http://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/618/~/how-to-download-replacement-ar-cards-and-booklet to download replacement AR Cards from Nintendo Inc.
All you have to do is place the game inside the action replay and select your codes for the supported game
The number pad and arrow/home keys are integrated together. You switch between the number keys and arrow keys with the number lock key. So if you want to use the number pad you hit the number lock key which turns off the arrow/home keys and vise-versa. Makes a full size keyboard more of a ten keyless size which I like.
Yes. You can toggle the light settings by using the function key on your keyboard with f4.
"A ""brown"" switch refers to the style of mechanical switch used for the keys. The color of the lighting and keyboard aren't brown. This site here: http://www.keyboardco.com/blog/index.php/2012/12/an-introduction-to-cherry-mx-mechanical-switches/ offers a pretty decent guide to what different types of mechanical switches are and do. The key lighting is still white, and the keyboard itself is still black."
The Brown switched Quickfire TK in the US comes out mid March...I ordered this exact item and they just sent me a blue switched quickfire TK...ugh the frustration.
There are several levels of brightness. The function keys at the top let you cycle through the different levels.
It plugs in via USB, yes.
Yes, however certain features will not be supported like NKRO.  If you're a mac user, I highly recommend a read of this article: http://www.gadgetmac.com/reviews/cooler-master-storm-quickfire-tk-cherry-mx-blue-mechanical-g.html
No problems with mine -yet-!
"Yes, the keycaps can be easily swapped out with the included keycap removal tool--but it's worth noting that you will have a hard time customizing the bottom row.While most mechanical keyboards have R1 modifier keys (bottom row keys CTRL, SUPER, META, and ALT) that are all 1.25 size-or 1.25 times the width of a standard letter key-and a 6.25 spacebar, the CM Storm QuickFire TK has unconventional sizes for most of them: From left to right, the bottom row sizes on the TK are 1.5 / 1 / 1.25 / 6.5 / 1.25 / 1 / 1 / 1.5. The 1.25's can be easily swapped as they're the standard size, and the 1's can be replaced with any custom printed ""ZXCV"" key. The 1.5's are trickier: A reprinted Tab key would be the correct width, but as it's much higher up on the keyboard (R3) it won't have the same profile as the other (R1) keys to which it's adjacent. The real problem is the 6.5 spacebar, which is practically unheard of. Only one other keyboard has done it (the Corsair K70), so swapping in a custom version may ultimately prove impossible.Of course, this is all only relevant if you plan on customizing the bottom row--there's nothing inherently wrong with the layout, it simply has non-standard keycap sizes.



    Yes, the keycaps can be easily swapped out with the included keycap removal tool--but it's worth noting that you will have a hard time customizing the bottom row.While most mechanical keyboards have R1 modifier keys (bottom row keys CTRL, SUPER, META, and ALT) that are all 1.25 size-or 1.25 times the width of a standard letter key-and a 6.25 spacebar, the CM Storm QuickFire TK has unconventional sizes for most of them: From left to right, the bottom row sizes on the TK are 1.5 / 1 / 1.25 / 6.5 / 1.25 / 1 / 1 / 1.5. The 1.25's can be easily swapped as they're the...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, the keycaps can be easily swapped out with the included keycap removal tool--but it's worth noting that you will have a hard time customizing the bottom row.While most mechanical keyboards have R1 modifier keys (bottom row keys CTRL, SUPER, META, and ALT) that are all 1.25 size-or 1.25 times the width of a standard letter key-and a 6.25 spacebar, the CM Storm QuickFire TK has unconventional sizes for most of them: From left to right, the bottom row sizes on the TK are 1.5 / 1 / 1.25 / 6.5 / 1.25 / 1 / 1 / 1.5. The 1.25's can be easily swapped as they're the standard size, and the 1's can be replaced with any custom printed ""ZXCV"" key. The 1.5's are trickier: A reprinted Tab key would be the correct width, but as it's much higher up on the keyboard (R3) it won't have the same profile as the other (R1) keys to which it's adjacent. The real problem is the 6.5 spacebar, which is practically unheard of. Only one other keyboard has done it (the Corsair K70), so swapping in a custom version may ultimately prove impossible.Of course, this is all only relevant if you plan on customizing the bottom row--there's nothing inherently wrong with the layout, it simply has non-standard keycap sizes.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it does, it is a great buy.  Hope this helps
Yes it does
Yes
The level of play depends on the level you set it and the amount of control you wish take over your player also as you progress through a carrier the game becomes more challenging as you move up
Yeah you can play online against/with other players.
If he likes baseball and baseball video games then he will love MLB The Show.  There are ways to make it easier for beginners or younger players to play via in game options.
"It sounds like you should go into ""Pitching"" settings and check out your options there. You should be able to turn ""Balk"" off."
Yes. Though I wish there was more detailed scouting reports of pitchers from other organzations in RTTS.
http://i.imgur.com/QVTi9lh.jpg
Yes this works with the Shield Tablet. I've used this and 90% of the time it worked flawlessly, occasionally, when connecting a bluetooth keyboard such as the Logitech K810 they would interfere with each other and cause stuttering. Disconnecting and reconnecting the keyboard would usually solve this issue. You can play games and operate the tablet with this though.
Yes. You will need to update the software but I do not notice a performance or functionality difference. It works very well.
Yes it works great with my current Mac book pro and Mac Pro both new this year.
2013 is green, slight performance improvements and that's pretty much it
I'm not totally sure (I haven't tried rechargeable batteries in mine) but I don't think it would charge them. As far as I know, Razer uses their own battery packs in their rechargeable mouses.
Well I'm not sure, I use mine with a MacBook Pro so I have built in Bluetooth. But I would imagine you would open the Bluetooth settings or where ever you can see what is paired and hold down the four edge buttons and wait for it to show up.
Sorry I got it for my grandson. Did you try googleing it. I'm sure you can find it online
I don't believe you can get a digtal one, but if you need one give me your email and I can type one out for you an send I your email.
there should have been a white sheet of paper in the box with codes on it
Yes . I used x12 on mine. And it was excellent. Don't run tactical setup if you want to drop sho . It won't wor . Run default.
No it works for bo2 and bo1 and IG should work for mw2 and mw3. Hope this helps
Yes send me number and I'll send u a screen shot of it
There isn't one, at least mine didn't come with one either. Sadly, those days of the good ol' 30 page NES manuals are long gone.
There is a main hub that people you meet along your journey will also travel to and you can fast travel there from any bonfire you have lit to trade or level up.
No
No and the game is awful.
Yes. You pick gender, hair, features and build.
Yes.It does.
Yes. It will require an Xbox live gold subscription.
That's an easy one, it's because you touch yourself at night ^_−☆
It registers as a pro controller,and yes it is wireless.
I doubt it the buttons on it are pretty crappy.  You have to push them very hard to get them to register.  Didn't play smash with it but it was pretty bad for mario kart.
This controller can't be used in Wii Mode. (It's basically just like the Wii U Pro controller, only with a different design.)
The buttons are pretty clicky but the analog sticks do have some dead zone. It's not so much that it gets really annoying but just enough to notice.
For me is very long lasting work more time versus wii u remote
It does not. Any game that requires the use of the gamepad will not work with the Pro Commander alone. But that often means you have to just use the Wii U Gamepad to power a game on, and then you can use the Pro Commander. Speaking from personal experience, Mario Kart works great with just the PC, but New Super Mario Bros needs a Gamepad to boot.
It's supposed to be awesome for Smash. That is the reason my son asked for this controller. 1st Item I purchase did not keep a charge. So I had to send it back. I reordered a new one.
Yes, it is actually really good for super smash.
A red light appears when it's charging.when it's done it goes away.Your controller should be able to work wireless if it doesn't then it's defective.
Yes,1.0
It connects to your video game console(Xbox, PS3) and is played on the TV like any other video game. My 5yr and 13yr old nephews were able to figure it out on their own and connect it. Kids these days are technologically inclined and should be okay.
No. 2.0 characters are incompatible with 1.0 game.
You don't have to be connected to the Internet at all!  My son has been playing this game for over a year and loves it!
No
Yes
This is the original starter and can only play with the 1.0 version characters. All the marvel character must be played on the 2.0 version software. Sorry, no marvel characters for this starter.
"All of these people are wrong in some way. This is the non-stealth version with features Cherry MX Blue switches, which are tactile, mechanical switches with a defined break point and ""clicky"" feedback. The stealth version uses Cherry MX Brown switches, which are also tactile, mechanical switches, but do not have ""clicky"" feed back and have an actuation force about 10g less than the Cherry MX Blues.I'm not sure why Razer doesn't make one available using MX Blacks, since they are better for gaming then either the MX Blues or Browns.Anyway, Ben is wrong because the Nostromo/Tartarus uses RUBBER DOME MEMBRANE switches, NOT mechanical ones like the Stealth does. Jarlax is wrong because the switches are quite different, the clicky feedback with the Blues is MUCH more pronounced than the Browns.I should mention that while I don't actually own this particular product, I am very familiar with mechanical keyboards and gaming accessories. Hope that was of some help.



    All of these people are wrong in some way. This is the non-stealth version with features Cherry MX Blue switches, which are tactile, mechanical switches with a defined break point and ""clicky"" feedback. The stealth version uses Cherry MX Brown switches, which are also tactile, mechanical switches, but do not have ""clicky"" feed back and have an actuation force about 10g less than the Cherry MX Blues.I'm not sure why Razer doesn't make one available using MX Blacks, since they are better for gaming then either the MX Blues or Browns.Anyway, Ben is...
      » 
Read More


   All of these people are wrong in some way. This is the non-stealth version with features Cherry MX Blue switches, which are tactile, mechanical switches with a defined break point and ""clicky"" feedback. The stealth version uses Cherry MX Brown switches, which are also tactile, mechanical switches, but do not have ""clicky"" feed back and have an actuation force about 10g less than the Cherry MX Blues.I'm not sure why Razer doesn't make one available using MX Blacks, since they are better for gaming then either the MX Blues or Browns.Anyway, Ben is wrong because the Nostromo/Tartarus uses RUBBER DOME MEMBRANE switches, NOT mechanical ones like the Stealth does. Jarlax is wrong because the switches are quite different, the clicky feedback with the Blues is MUCH more pronounced than the Browns.I should mention that while I don't actually own this particular product, I am very familiar with mechanical keyboards and gaming accessories. Hope that was of some help.
      « 

Show Less"
"I've never used the Nostromo, but I can tell you that the D-Pad is very sensitive in my opinion.  It has a good solid click to it, and each of the 8 positions can be mapped to whichever keys you like.  The only problem I've had is that the 4 diagonal positions are very hard to achieve without first actuating one of the ""polar"" positions.  In other words, say you wanted position 2 which would be between W and D in your case.  I've found it's nigh impossible to actuate position 2 without actuating either W or D first on accident.But if you are primarily using it for the polar values, it works pretty well.



    I've never used the Nostromo, but I can tell you that the D-Pad is very sensitive in my opinion. It has a good solid click to it, and each of the 8 positions can be mapped to whichever keys you like. The only problem I've had is that the 4 diagonal positions are very hard to achieve without first actuating one of the ""polar"" positions. In other words, say you wanted position 2 which would be between W and D in your case. I've found it's nigh impossible to actuate position 2 without actuating either W or D first on accident.But if you are primarily using it for the polar...
      » 
Read More


   I've never used the Nostromo, but I can tell you that the D-Pad is very sensitive in my opinion.  It has a good solid click to it, and each of the 8 positions can be mapped to whichever keys you like.  The only problem I've had is that the 4 diagonal positions are very hard to achieve without first actuating one of the ""polar"" positions.  In other words, say you wanted position 2 which would be between W and D in your case.  I've found it's nigh impossible to actuate position 2 without actuating either W or D first on accident.But if you are primarily using it for the polar values, it works pretty well.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes and no.  It will replace some functions, but not typing.  The keypad will replace the left side of the keyboard essentially, but you can map the keys to anything.
"the software allows you to do almost any thing that you can do mechanical, if you set it up to do a function such as ctrl+alt+w and set the function up in the other program it might be possible as you can set a button to switch programs and the macro part is quite extensive if i knew more of what you wanted to do in the software i could give you a more definitive answers.however it also depends on the second set of profiling software that you use and the application e.g some app's might work better then others depending on the amount of gui based controles eg web browsers clicking on a button is not easy but you can thell it to write a sentence where you have clicked.



    the software allows you to do almost any thing that you can do mechanical, if you set it up to do a function such as ctrl+alt+w and set the function up in the other program it might be possible as you can set a button to switch programs and the macro part is quite extensive if i knew more of what you wanted to do in the software i could give you a more definitive answers.however it also depends on the second set of profiling software that you use and the application e.g some app's might work better then others depending on the amount of gui based controles eg web browsers clicking on a...
      » 
Read More


   the software allows you to do almost any thing that you can do mechanical, if you set it up to do a function such as ctrl+alt+w and set the function up in the other program it might be possible as you can set a button to switch programs and the macro part is quite extensive if i knew more of what you wanted to do in the software i could give you a more definitive answers.however it also depends on the second set of profiling software that you use and the application e.g some app's might work better then others depending on the amount of gui based controles eg web browsers clicking on a button is not easy but you can thell it to write a sentence where you have clicked.
      « 

Show Less"
"I have small hands (from the point my wrist meets my palm to the tip of my middle finger is 7 inches and from my hand spread out it is pinky to thumb 8 inches) and it works fine for me.  NOTE: When playing my hand is spread from pinky to thumb about 5 ½ inches but I have the thumb button piece fully extended.  The bar that you rest your palm on can be set to free play by pulling a pin.  This lets the bar swivel down and up so you can reach the top row of keys rather easily.  This pad is highly adjustable and can be adjusted to fit your palm small or large.  Read the directions to find out how to adjust it and all of the little creature features it has.  Google ""orbweaver master Guide"" and select ""Online Master Guide - Razer"" it is a PDF that gives you most of the settings if not all of them.



    I have small hands (from the point my wrist meets my palm to the tip of my middle finger is 7 inches and from my hand spread out it is pinky to thumb 8 inches) and it works fine for me. NOTE: When playing my hand is spread from pinky to thumb about 5 ½ inches but I have the thumb button piece fully extended. The bar that you rest your palm on can be set to free play by pulling a pin. This lets the bar swivel down and up so you can reach the top row of keys rather easily. This pad is highly adjustable and can be adjusted to fit your palm small or large. Read the directions to find out how to...
      » 
Read More


   I have small hands (from the point my wrist meets my palm to the tip of my middle finger is 7 inches and from my hand spread out it is pinky to thumb 8 inches) and it works fine for me.  NOTE: When playing my hand is spread from pinky to thumb about 5 ½ inches but I have the thumb button piece fully extended.  The bar that you rest your palm on can be set to free play by pulling a pin.  This lets the bar swivel down and up so you can reach the top row of keys rather easily.  This pad is highly adjustable and can be adjusted to fit your palm small or large.  Read the directions to find out how to adjust it and all of the little creature features it has.  Google ""orbweaver master Guide"" and select ""Online Master Guide - Razer"" it is a PDF that gives you most of the settings if not all of them.
      « 

Show Less"
You can save it to either the cloud or to your pc. I recommend both. When I had to wipe my pc I easily logged back in to get all my macro's back the way they were in seconds. The d pad can be what ever you want it to be. it goes from 4 to 8 buttons which ever you want it to be.
I have somewhat smaller hands and I can barely reach the third row. So I am currently just using the bottom 2.
Yes.  The joystick comes pre-mapped as the arrow keys. So you could scroll like that. Or you may be able to customize it in some way. You could remap some of the joystick directions as mouse scroll wheel movement. For instance when you press the stick forward it acts as if you rolled the mouse scroll wheel forward, that should be fairly smooth for webpages.Hope this helps
This is strictly for gaming, not a replacement for a keyboard
Not for me. Brand new
Yes it does both. In fact it comes with a wireless dangle for the 360 so u can have wireless chat, but u have to buy a adapter  for the one but it's like 24$
Yes
"Absolutely. For reference, Turtle Beach actually has a useful naming system. If the model has a ""P"" in the name, it is compatible with Playstation models. An ""X"" for Xbox 360. An ""O"" for Xbox One. And so on. Please just make sure to check for and apply any system updates."
Yes, the XP510 provides surround sound for Xbox 360, PS4 and PS3 consoles. You can also use it with an Xbox One if you add a chat adapter and a talkback cable.
"Yes, it has a one year ""limited"" manufacturer's warranty, which is typical for electronics. However, because of the cost of the headset I would buy the extended warranty, if available. I purchased my headset at Best Buy and paid an additional 89 bucks (?) I think for 2 more years of warranty over the standard warranty."
I think it's compatible but it only worked once for me. When I tried to change settings it no longer worked.
"Practically, no. however if you really wanted to make it work you could: 1) move all 5 systems close together2) then get an Optical Switch that supports up to 5 inputs and has one optical output (if it exist)3) finally connect the output to the transmitterif your not willing to do the above, then ""no"""
Yes. Just pair it and it will work fine. Its a good controller, though im still waiting for more arena game development. It only works on arena games.
Back in July I've tried most every platform that you could imagine... most probably it'll never work. You should return it to your vendor if you can.
***DO NOT BUY***The software has been discontinued and it is very hard to hack. I now have a useless controller due to that fact.
Yes it is for apps that you can get on kindle
It has blue tooth compatibility. I ordered it and had to return because I had original kindle fire. Made the mistake. New hdx should be good to go. I was aiming to use with all my old Roms from n64, the controller is identical to Xbox and just as good quality. Can't guarantee longevity tho. Like I said I returned mine.
"The good news Abhinav is that this controller is designed with nVidia powered devices in mind.The bad news, unfortunately the arena app acts in 2 ways, first as a device driver of sorts and second as a market place to limit you to only compatable games that it deems your device powerful enough to play.Don't fret, there is 2 more bits of good news. Once the controller is paired with your device the controller is recognized as an individual device even after app is gone. And, if your device is Android 4.1 or higher it has a built-in XBox 360 controller support for a wired controller, you need a standard USB A to USB Micro adapter to make it work.



    The good news Abhinav is that this controller is designed with nVidia powered devices in mind.The bad news, unfortunately the arena app acts in 2 ways, first as a device driver of sorts and second as a market place to limit you to only compatable games that it deems your device powerful enough to play.Don't fret, there is 2 more bits of good news. Once the controller is paired with your device the controller is recognized as an individual device even after app is gone. And, if your device is Android 4.1 or higher it has a built-in XBox 360 controller support for a...
      » 
Read More


   The good news Abhinav is that this controller is designed with nVidia powered devices in mind.The bad news, unfortunately the arena app acts in 2 ways, first as a device driver of sorts and second as a market place to limit you to only compatable games that it deems your device powerful enough to play.Don't fret, there is 2 more bits of good news. Once the controller is paired with your device the controller is recognized as an individual device even after app is gone. And, if your device is Android 4.1 or higher it has a built-in XBox 360 controller support for a wired controller, you need a standard USB A to USB Micro adapter to make it work.
      « 

Show Less"
I am not sure I have only used it with my Fire HD!
What do you mean by mechanical?
just the blue
There is a button on the top right that cycles through high, low, and off and the keyboard stays lit on high and low as long as the computer is sending power to it.
It's about 3 feet
This keyboard is not what I would consider loud.  The keys are definitely quieter than the very audible clicks of a mechanical keyboard, but it is louder than most keyboards you would find integrated into a laptop or the rubberized keyboards they have for use with tablets.  I have no complaints about the keyboard.  Everything works as advertised.  The software for programming the G-keys is easy to use and works with my G-series mouse as well.
Yes. Macros are modified via the software (or use of the M1-3 and MR keys) and saved to the internal memory.
FN + F6 to muteFN + F7 lowerFN + F8 higher
"It's not easy quantifying this.  Assuming you are using for gaming, the WASD keys are a little more the 3/4 of an inch apart, center to center.  The G keys are a little more than an inch and a half apart from the left edge of the ""a"" key to the right edge of the nearest G key (G4 in this case).  It may help to know what games you play, how you plan to use the keyboard, and possibly how far you can stretch your pinky comfortably."
You're better off watching Youtube review videos as it's very difficult to measure the size.
The G400s is larger, but it is very well designed to the form of a hand. It may be more comfortable for your grandson...
not sure about mx 518 but the g400s is very narrow an long fits my hands perfectly and I have medium size hands
"did you received a receipt with the purpose? if amazon or CT-X still declined the replacement, contact the manufacture ""Logitech"". go to http://www.logitech.com and click on the contact us link. just make sure you got the original purchase receipt."
It's 1:1 the exact same shape and size.  The only thing different is the color and the internals.
No it does not have weights.  It feels a bit light but the feel is good.  Can't remember the warranty, but I'm sure it has one.
+ / - I'm not suremouse3 (wheel click)mouse4 (back on internet)mouse5 (forward on internet)I know those work.The others might with the Logitech driver stuff installed. I just PnP mine.
Yes, both.  It's grey around the outside, the top where you rest your fingers is a dark blue-grey with black stripes.
This mouse does not have native software support for Windows XP; although--aside from possibly the Logitech gaming software--this mouse should still plug and play. This is a best guess based on experiences, but not a guarantee.
"Unfortunately no, this new class is appearing in the expansion ""The Reaper of Souls"" . With a heavy metal salute (devil horns) play on my friend!"
I believe you start over but i would be happy to help you level if you would like my email is jjjwhitefoot@gmail.com
u can play offline with your friends on the same TV screen. All u need is another controller
Yes. There is a miltiplayer offline mode. U can play 4 players at the same time is really great
If you want to play the expansion you have you purchase it on a ps4, or p.c.Unfortunately characters cannot be transferred from ps3 to ps4.
Yes
Yes it plays all ps3 games it also plays movies including blue rays
If Jeff says so, it must be true. Unless Steven says otherwise ;)Woz can provide third party verification along with Morito San. That's about as much as I can tell you for now. Sorry :(
Yes it does,  just one however
Mild. There is very little sexual content. But the game is full of assassinations...
Yes.  Also there are achievements and missions that can only be completed online.
"I have found no parental controls. In the options, under the video heading, there is a a place to turn the blood on or off. When the blood option is off, you still hear the sound of your weapon and your target still makes some disturbing gurgling noises and writhes in pain. By ""language, I assume you mean adult language. I haven't seen an option to adjust adult language. You could turn the voice volume to zero, or the language option to French or Spanish, but you would miss some necessary dialog along with a very few ""F"" bombs."
i havent tryed, but i think you can't.i will try to day.
This is a single player game. There is multiplayer for online only. It supports the gamepad & classic controller pro.
No, my disc specifically says for the Americas only, so presumably this is NTSC.
I don't remember where I got the driver but I downloaded a zip file. With it there is a button for it on the bottom right row of buttons. Clicking on it brings up a window with a picture of the mouse with each of the mouse's buttons identified. You can program the buttons for any of the functions that are supported or you can disable buttons.
Yes
It's a usb 3.0 so it fits most if not all computer ports
For me it made my trigger finger faster it just takes time  getting used to. Yes it's some what of a mod but the pro's  use them
Yes it does it works for every call of duty
There isn't much you can do if you want to keep the trigger stop in, but an alternative could be to take the trigger stop out of that trigger only, which would still allow you to use it on the other trigger.
Yes, it's the fastest way that you can't get banned for. The only thing faster is electronic mods which aren't allowed and you can get banned for.
Yea it should since the ps3 isn't region coded.
The game only supports cross-save but not cross-play. You have to buy both the PS3 and the Vita version if you want to play on both systems. But your saved game on the Vita CAN be used on the PS3 and vice versa.
There is some new stuff in the game you need the guide for
no is does not but if you have a ps4 i would recomend you purchase the ps4 version it has better colors and full native 1080p.
Yes. It does. Everything is the same. The only thing that changed is the quality.
Unfortunately, it only contains the game. I feel a little cheated, but at least this version of the game without the extra fluff is cheaper.
The differences are that the Collector's Edition doesn't come in a game case, like the Limited Edition, but unlike the standard. It is all one huge book.The art book is much bigger than the Limited Edition artbook. Has 40 pages where the LE artbook only has 24 and is smaller.The CE also comes with the soundtrack on blu ray and 5 lithographic art prints that are about the size of a sheet of paper.
These two games are direct ports of PS2 games. The PS2 was a time before you had to pay EA or whatever other money grubbing publisher 50% more money per game to buy the part of the game that they delivered 3-9 months late. So, in short, the answer is no because there is nothing that requires unlocking.
Yes you can. It will work on windows 8 and 8.1.
Yes
To ME, it is,,,the realism, an detail can't  be  beat if you want realism for your Sims.  If you want a CHEAP  CARTOONIE  and problematic  game, get Sims 4. I won't  lie, or sugar coat the fact that Sims 3 also has it's glitches also. Occasionally it will freeze, crash, and lag a bit in creator mode, an buy mode. But if you can accept this, and do as I have recommended  by perodically SAVE an continue playing, Sims 3 is FAR SUPERIOR to Sims 4. I belong to one of the MANY Sims fan groups on facebook, an I see an read the horror stories of what goes on with Sims 4. It's  not pretty.
Yes you can start adding expansion packs after you install the sims 3
Are you talking about the disk starter kit, you just put them in the computer Ahs follow the directions , it might want you to have an origin account  Our Sims online account though
Actual Sims 3 with 2 expansions �
12 and over
You need to go into the origin account you created to play the game and make sure you install all updates before attempting to play or game will have issues.  You can access all your sim stuff on origin you may have to enter  license code but once it's there you can access it from anywhere.
Yes, that is the only way you play it.
It changes color according to DPI setting. Hitting the DPI plus/- button adjusts the DPI, each DPI level is associated with a certain color.
If you download the anker software it's goes up to 4000
Intervals
It's rated at 5 million clicks for each of the three top buttons and 1 million clicks for the two on the side. Though I'm also a heavy user and it's lasted me well beyond the expected lifetime. As with any technology, it'll last depending on your good/bad luck and how well you treat it.
Literally any mouse is good for League of Legends.. Lol I enjoy it!(: I play League and SC2 with it no problem!
It's heavier than the standard mice that come with most computers, but I wouldn't necessarily call it 'heavy.'  It IS large and ideal for people with large hands.
I think by specific it means user-defined. So  yes,  it should,  but you need to set it up through their software.
Yes it does
Microsoft has just released the official PC drivers for the Xbox One controller. http://majornelson.com/2014/06/05/pc-drivers-for-the-xbox-one-controller-available-now/?linkId=8424381
No.
I just plugged mine in to check, and the answer is no. Mine is powered up and functional with my battery pack out.
A massive upgrade ergonomically. The buttons feel more mechanical and precise and the joysticks have a really nice texture to the top of them. The triggers are a little bigger and the battery pack no longer sticks out of the controller, everything is internal. Honestly a complete upgrade.
"Button presses (user inputs) and rumble feedback are examples of data that is sent to and from the controller. Wired controllers inherently have less input latency than wireless. The wireless Xbox 360 controller would only send charge power to the controller over USB and not data. You'd have to get a wired Xbox 360 controller if you wanted to decrease the latency in your gaming experience. As for the Xbox One controller, according the official support page, ""When the charge cable is attached, the wireless controller converts to a wired controller."" - http://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-one/accessories/connect-charge-cable-to-controllerAnd according to the IGN wiki, ""When you plug a micro-USB cable into the controller for wired play the internal radio is shut off and all data is transmitted through the wire."" - http://www.ign.com/wikis/xbox-one/Xbox_One_Controller



    Button presses (user inputs) and rumble feedback are examples of data that is sent to and from the controller. Wired controllers inherently have less input latency than wireless. The wireless Xbox 360 controller would only send charge power to the controller over USB and not data. You'd have to get a wired Xbox 360 controller if you wanted to decrease the latency in your gaming experience. As for the Xbox One controller, according the official support page, ""When the charge cable is attached, the wireless controller converts to a wired controller."" -...
      » 
Read More


   Button presses (user inputs) and rumble feedback are examples of data that is sent to and from the controller. Wired controllers inherently have less input latency than wireless. The wireless Xbox 360 controller would only send charge power to the controller over USB and not data. You'd have to get a wired Xbox 360 controller if you wanted to decrease the latency in your gaming experience. As for the Xbox One controller, according the official support page, ""When the charge cable is attached, the wireless controller converts to a wired controller."" - http://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-one/accessories/connect-charge-cable-to-controllerAnd according to the IGN wiki, ""When you plug a micro-USB cable into the controller for wired play the internal radio is shut off and all data is transmitted through the wire."" - http://www.ign.com/wikis/xbox-one/Xbox_One_Controller
      « 

Show Less"
No
No it doesn't, I recommend the Nyko brand ones. They're just as good as the Microsoft ones.
Yes you do and you can't use your USB's it must be the USB that the charging pack comes with I just tried myself and it wasn't charging but I guess its kind of good because the one it comes with tells you when it's done charging
"this was the ""test"" ""beta"" release, the ""pro"" model is the complete release. basically they released the beta to a few select locations to see if there was any complaints or noticeable bugs. to my knowledge the package is the only difference that can't be updated"
Yes, all games that the 2ds can play are compatible with the 3ds, thus it will edit if the game is supported.
They are the same!  Action replay simply rebranded the same device for USA with the word PRO.  This device is TRULY awesome.  Saving 700 hour play file of Animal Crossing to my PC was a relief!
it works in all the games if not update xD
Yes, it does, but there is a process. If you don't know already it's best to youtube it.
"There is a way with this device but there is a trick to it. First you need to use the code for 999 maser balls. Next you need to use the code wondercard pokemon modifier or wondercard shiny pokemon modifier if you want the pokemon to be shiny. Next when you are in game you have to throw away the number of master balls equal to the national dex number of the pokemon you want. For example if you wanted a bulbasaur then you would throw away 1 masterball, or if you wanted Mew then you would throw away 151 masterballs. After that you talk to the lady inside the pokemon center and she will give you your wondercard pokemon.



    There is a way with this device but there is a trick to it. First you need to use the code for 999 maser balls. Next you need to use the code wondercard pokemon modifier or wondercard shiny pokemon modifier if you want the pokemon to be shiny. Next when you are in game you have to throw away the number of master balls equal to the national dex number of the pokemon you want. For example if you wanted a bulbasaur then you would throw away 1 masterball, or if you wanted Mew then you would throw away 151 masterballs. After that you talk to the lady inside the pokemon center and she will give...
      » 
Read More


   There is a way with this device but there is a trick to it. First you need to use the code for 999 maser balls. Next you need to use the code wondercard pokemon modifier or wondercard shiny pokemon modifier if you want the pokemon to be shiny. Next when you are in game you have to throw away the number of master balls equal to the national dex number of the pokemon you want. For example if you wanted a bulbasaur then you would throw away 1 masterball, or if you wanted Mew then you would throw away 151 masterballs. After that you talk to the lady inside the pokemon center and she will give you your wondercard pokemon.
      « 

Show Less"
No, this is only for modifying saves, and only what is available from the codejunkies website.
No it does not. It comes with one wire control, av cables, and the ps3.
Cech4012 stands for model number, and GB amount is attached to model number it can be used in Europe and America but if in Europe you will need the europeen ac adapter
Yup it did white one been playing diablo 3 r.o.s. like crazy.
The consule, controller which was white also, and the power cable. Also there is a home cable. It was used so when I got it there was dirt around some parts of the outside. It only took 5 Seconds to clean it off. But besides that the consule works perfectly and never overheated. So I recommend it. :)
Mine did, I don't know if this was a retailer or private owner.
Yes its two players locally
Yes
There is no tag team, its only a 1v1 scenario but there is online as well
I believe so.  I've never played against another person offline, but I believe you can as long as you have two controllers, it should work.
I don't believe you need to be connected to the internet to play.
Yes
"YES , you can play this game OFF LINE , these people don't know what they are talking about. The game has game save issues , but if you disconnect your console from the internet and play it like you would any other game your game saves will work because its not going through EA's servers then to cloud saving. All of your saves will go directly to the hard drive like they are supposed to. If you get busted by a cop or just wreck your car to much and are automatically sent back to the garage , make sure you exit the garage and come back in again because the game does not save when those two things happen. Always visit a garage before shuting down your console because that is the only way to save.Just play off line to avoid losing you save game data. Also don't listed to anyone that tells you there is no off line play because there is and the game functions the exact same way as it does online except you don't have live players running around it is just the game AI drivers which is all I need because the game is still tons of fun even without the online feature. Everything you can do online , you can do off line Except race live players.



    YES , you can play this game OFF LINE , these people don't know what they are talking about. The game has game save issues , but if you disconnect your console from the internet and play it like you would any other game your game saves will work because its not going through EA's servers then to cloud saving. All of your saves will go directly to the hard drive like they are supposed to. If you get busted by a cop or just wreck your car to much and are automatically sent back to the garage , make sure you exit the garage and come back in again because the game does not save when...
      » 
Read More


   YES , you can play this game OFF LINE , these people don't know what they are talking about. The game has game save issues , but if you disconnect your console from the internet and play it like you would any other game your game saves will work because its not going through EA's servers then to cloud saving. All of your saves will go directly to the hard drive like they are supposed to. If you get busted by a cop or just wreck your car to much and are automatically sent back to the garage , make sure you exit the garage and come back in again because the game does not save when those two things happen. Always visit a garage before shuting down your console because that is the only way to save.Just play off line to avoid losing you save game data. Also don't listed to anyone that tells you there is no off line play because there is and the game functions the exact same way as it does online except you don't have live players running around it is just the game AI drivers which is all I need because the game is still tons of fun even without the online feature. Everything you can do online , you can do off line Except race live players.
      « 

Show Less"
Hmmm I can't say anything for the ps4 version cause I only have the xbone, but the only bug I've encountered that's rather annoying is the start menu opening by itself while I'm free driving or in a race, other than that it's been pretty good and fun!
No. There have been no know patches. Unfortunately, it appears that this may not see a patch.
Yes
I think the original would be ok as long as your 6 year old isn't going to be devastated by the loss of an earned vehicle. The open road and easy controls do provide an excellent means of entertainment.
This game do not require Kinect so if you don't have Kinect you will be able to use it without a problem :)
Yes
Yes, I have it running on both 8.0 and 8.1 and it runs fine!
I am not sure because I only have one PC but I do know where you can find the answer.  You can email Chess King support.  The email address:  support@chess-king.comI hope that helps!Mike :-)
I have no idea.  If I have my way, I'll never own Windows 8.  It is one of those operating systems we didn't need.
Yes it does
My grandson doesn't know. He is only 13.
If you are referring to the voice monitoring system where the headset plays your voice back through the speakers like on the x12, then no.  This was a big disappointment, as I loved that feature on my x12's (my wife loved it more:) You can hear yourself if you talk loud enough, but that defeats the purpose.  This was one huge letdown for me with this headset, as the playback feature on the x12's was perhaps the best feature of the headset.
There's a cord from the headset to the controller because of the adapter. But it's wireless from the controller to the console and tv. Pretty awesome headset.
The headset connects to the included Xbox One audio adapter, which is then plugged Into the bottom of the controller. The headset itself uses a common 'headphone' plug.
Yes but leave it in a safe place so you dont lose it
Hell yes it's like simulated surround so you can hear which direction the sounds comeing from. Also there's game chat and if you've used te Microsoft chat controls you can adjust how much game chat and how much game sound you want to hear and can adjust to only game or only voice chat or a mix of both. Head set is beast. And to other guys question about sound on the tv just turn it down to zero works perfect for example girlfriends trying to sleep dosent want to hear gunshots and bombs ring off turn down volume on tv and it only plays out headset
The XO FOUR comes with the original Xbox One Stereo Headset Adapter made by Microsoft. If you want one of the Turtle Beach adapters, which add features like mic monitoring and Bass Boost and other presets you should look at the XO ONE, XO SEVEN Pro, or the Call of Duty Sentinel Task Force or Call of Duty Sentinel Prestige. Those headsets were all launched after Microsoft decided that headset manufacturers needed to make their own adapters. Up until the summer of 2014 Microsoft mandated that manufacturers use the adapter made by Microsoft.
Yes, It has the adapter for the controller.
Yes
4 foot
No warranty. But check to make sure it isn't the weather or anything bothering the current of electricity
would it matter? its made by xbox therefore made for the controller's specs
Other posters are completely incorrect. It does charge with Xbox off (assuming Xbox is plugged in), just as it advertises.
Scott is wrong you can charge this with a wall charger as long as the wall charger puts out enough amps, i.e. my iPad charger allows me to charge it but the smaller iPhone does not. hope this helps. I know you posted this a while ago and you probably already know the answer.
It does not, sorry! But you plug it right into your Xbox and can play while charging
No, you cannot.  It is just like the xbox 360 kit, you need a wired controller.
Roughly 8 feet. If that's not long enough try monoprice, but it wont have the fancy charging/charged light.
Definitely around that amount. I usually charge around once a week and it charges in about 1 to 2 hours.
Well in theory yes but its not 2 separate batteries, its one rechargable compact battery.
You can use gamepad, pro controller, wii remote (with or without wheel), or classic controller (and pro).
Usually you get pre-order games the day they are released.  Except for Nintendo games, I'm on Amazon Prime and every Nintendo game in the last 2 years or so that I have pre-ordered have been shipped out the day or day after their release date (some were released on Sunday so they were shipped out on Monday).
why would you be able to play wii u games on the wii? are you able to play ps4 games on your ps3?
According to Nintendo Direct, you will have to register the game with your Nintendo Club account to activate the free download reward.
Yes, it will be compatible.
Amazon doesn't directly sell any Wii U consoles.  It's all third party sellers.  The bundle may show up at some point, but it won't be direct from Amazon in all likelihood.
Yes. You register your copy of Mario Kart 8 with Club Nintendo before July 31 to get the download. The registration code is inside the game case.
Regular Wii remote will work fine.
Dragon Ball Z Attack of the Saiyans for the Nintendo DS.
1.) No unfortunately mission is like story mode, No open world.2.) There is no Gathering Dragon Ball (only online to win, but no wish).3.) No fuse/items to make new character.Recommend Old DBZ game like DBZ B3 or U.T
English.
I'm sorry to bring the bad news but yes, playing offline mode is single player only. The only way to play together would be to play online with another system and game :(
There is no Dub in Spanish. It only has subtitles in spanish.
I wanna say no because I believe they made a version for the PlayStation 4.
Yep. And due to that I wouldn't waste your time on it. Uplay's online service is spotty at best, so unless you ONLY want to play Singleplayer, the game isn't worth it.
Don't worry it's a uplay code that you redeem through them
It does not work for Stream, only uPlau. You will have to create an uPlay account if you don't currently have one.
It should. I have one and I connect it via optical audio.
I would say its less than 10lbs....shipping is under 15 lbs with all of the packaging
There are no issues I have a PS4, and it works great with it.
modes? Do u mean halo, forza,movie? Use remote or function buttons on soundbar
Check this link out:http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frequency_response
I don't believe it will work as part of a surround sound setup. The input is optical and so I don't believe you can setup the amp to output via the optical port  the centre speaker.
No
This one is great for everything, in my opinion, I watch a lot of action movies, space battles, and it delivers.
It has feet at the bottom to allow it to sot on a table, but it does have portrait slots on each side to allow it hang from the wall like a picture
If you're asking if it comes with a DVD player to play the PS3 games you can buy at your local store (as well as DVDs and Blu-rays), yes. If you're asking if it comes with a hard disk drive, no it doesn't. You can purchase a hard disk drive for it, along with a frame that holds the drive and allows you to screw it into the console, which is what I did. If you don't buy a hard disk drive, it is limited to 12 GB of internal memory, which won't let you play more than one or two games at a time.
Only the first generation PS3 consoles can play PS2 games.
It has no hdd. The 12 gb is internal memory. You can install your own hdd as long as it's 2.5''. You also need a mounting kit so your hdd will fit properly
I do not know the space requirements for that game, but you can look at the back of the game case or google your question. Either way you will use up that 12gb really fast with system updates, game updates, and save files so i would still invest in a internal hard drive. Not an external hard drive as you cannot play your games off of the external.
Power cord, S-video cable and usb charge cable for the controller. No HDMI cable though :(
The PS unit does, but to buy an individual controller at a store or online, no.
It comes with one wireless controller
On all the ps3s there are only 2 USB ports, but you can plug in a 4 port USB hub and have all 4-5 controller's working.Actually the ps3 supports up to 8 players but good luck finding a game that will support 8 lolWireless is up to 8 controller's also, you can of course combine wire and wireless.
You plug your lightning to usb cable just like you would with a wall charger. It should work just fine. To charge the moon stone's battery you use the provided micro-usb to USB charger to plug into your wall
The key is a headphone wrap and the fish is a cord wrap.
I charged mine with an outlet...not computer..took a couple hours. And I only used it until I could get my phone or iPad to a regular charger
You would use your iphone 5 usb cable
You can use both ports ... I have had 2 phones charging before at the same time
Yes.. works with anything that has a USB cord.
My iPhone 4s works fine with it, and I think it should work with an iPhone 4.
I havent charched a tablet with the  Lepow series 3000mAh.  It perfectly works with my cell phone.
It isn't free-spin, and it does have tactile feedback of the scrolling. It's not as pronounced as some mice that have more of a ratcheting feel to them, but it should be fine for fps gaming. I use it that way myself.
Yes there is. Underneath the battery cover there's a place specifically to securely store the USB dongle.
No, it's a unique receiver that's not compatible with other Logitech products. The K750 uses the Logitech unifying receiver which is compatible with a range of Logitech products that supports unifying, but there are no Logitech gaming mice that support unifying receivers currently. Net, you'll need to use both receivers with that keyboard and mouse combination.
Yes they are very easy to push down and all buttons can be pushed pushed from just about any angle this also includes the thumb buttons. Up down left right but thumbs requires more push as it would interfere with pressing them if it were any easier you would get miss press's.
The scroll will is click stop but very smooth , new experience from logitech. You can't control it like the MX
No. Our Astro 2nd Gen batteries cannot be charged and discharged at the same time for protection of the battery.
Using an Micro-USB cable (included) connected to any USB power resource like your Phone charger or PC USB port.
The 6000 is capable of 2 full plus a half charges for my phone.  It seems that 2500 is needed for for a full charge so figure that the 9000 is good for 3 charges and change.  Choosing  between the 6000 or the 9000 depends on how many times you need to charge for a given time away from an outlet.  Also size and weight is something to consider.
Yes
Starts soon as u plug in.  The shake only tells u how much power the anker has on it
If you are asking how long your PHONE or other item will stay charged, after charging....then I charged my phone in the AM at camp, and didn't use it much and it still had prob 40% or so when I went to bed. So a normal day's charge for me.  The device itself, I've been home 2 weeks, and it still had 1/2 the usage bar full when my husband borrowed it this morning.
3.7 x 1.8 x 1 inches
I only used it to charge a HTC 1S. It showed up as USB charging.
My Galaxy S3 charge about 1 and a half times
Yes, you can use the charger and cable you already have for your phone. It's usually really slow when you charge using a computer vs the wall outlet.
I think yes!http://www.siliconera.com/2013/09/10/playstation-vita-tv-will-play-persona-4-golden-lumines-and-these-other-games/check here
"PS Vita TV is a stand alone high definition console version that connects to your television.It will not stream from a PS Vita handheld system! The Japanese PS Vita TV system is very limited in the US with most games and app service not able to operate. YouTube will not work work on a PS Vita tv , but works on a Vita handheld system! Crazy!!!You have to have a Japanese Playstation account to use it!! No option to connect a US account!An US version is going to be released in October 2014 and hopefully open all the locked out apps and games. It will stream video and games from a Playstion 4 console, but seem to lose connection quite a bit for me. Hopefully after the US release all these problems will be worked out. The system has great potential, but Sony seems to be holding it back and letting it die like the Vita handheld.



    PS Vita TV is a stand alone high definition console version that connects to your television.It will not stream from a PS Vita handheld system! The Japanese PS Vita TV system is very limited in the US with most games and app service not able to operate. YouTube will not work work on a PS Vita tv , but works on a Vita handheld system! Crazy!!!You have to have a Japanese Playstation account to use it!! No option to connect a US account!An US version is going to be released in October 2014 and hopefully open all the locked out apps and games. It will stream video and...
      » 
Read More


   PS Vita TV is a stand alone high definition console version that connects to your television.It will not stream from a PS Vita handheld system! The Japanese PS Vita TV system is very limited in the US with most games and app service not able to operate. YouTube will not work work on a PS Vita tv , but works on a Vita handheld system! Crazy!!!You have to have a Japanese Playstation account to use it!! No option to connect a US account!An US version is going to be released in October 2014 and hopefully open all the locked out apps and games. It will stream video and games from a Playstion 4 console, but seem to lose connection quite a bit for me. Hopefully after the US release all these problems will be worked out. The system has great potential, but Sony seems to be holding it back and letting it die like the Vita handheld.
      « 

Show Less"
Psp games look really bad, not meant for big screen. Images are stretched and very pixelated.
Yes
You don't stream the compatible versions. You just download an play. Everything else you stream.
Not for me.
Yes you can however there is an compatibility list. Not every game on ps vita will function correctly right now.
No it has to be plugged into the ps4 for it to work.
Hi. Yes English or in German. You can choose when you install the game. So to answer your question is has both.
The DVD is needed to install the game.  It is not needed to play the game.
it comes with a usb dongle (hidden between the joy sticks). just plug it in and it'll self install the drivers (windows 7 tested). after that it's up to you to bind the buttons to your games. the usb cable does nothing but charge it
A little over 8 ft, but the controller itself is wireless. It just uses a USB drive and the cable is just used for charging.
About 10 feet. Give or take.
I bought the controller for my 10 yr.old grandson and he loves it.he likes playing in the dark for the illusion of the light. It was a Christmas gift. I compared it at other stores and it was the same thing but cost more. I recommend the item.
It has a rechargeable battery built in and it also come with a 6 ft. Micro usb
Did u try?
Its perfect. Nothing more (es perfecto, nada más)
This controller is just a Dualshock controller.  It does not have Sixaxis support
yes. it happens to me too rarely though. I suspect is the software and not the keyboard it self. I also use the arrows to drive.
Yes, it have, is really completely, the best mechanical gaming keyboard.
yes you can pretty much bind all keys to anything you want and save it to a profile if you want. The software roccat software is pretty awesome with plenty of options. They make it very easy to change things how ever you like. I even made my T2 key an extra esc key. I definitely recommend this board dude not because of all the lights and flashy things but bc its simply a great keyboard.
The picture on the box is of the German keyboard layout, but U.S. Ordered keyboards will be the standard QWERTY layout an American is used to. I own the keyboard and can confirm this based on personal knowledge.
I tried Corsair's and Razer's mech keyboards, and in my opinion this one is a lot more comfortable. The extra wrist space being built-in rather than attached allows for use of the keyboard on en-even surfaces, like your lap, etc. Software also works as it should and isn't overly complex.
Yes, we use the balance board from our old Wii. It works great with the Wii U.
No it does not. You can get the wii u fit with board but not sure the meter comes with. I would shop around to see what yiu can find.
We had an old Wii console and used Wii Fit Plus on it.  Never knew that you needed a NEWER console for Wii Fit U.  The game arrived and nothing worked.  We called and they said we had to get the newer console. Dummy us!  It arrived and we got started.  Then we discovered that our remotes were older, just like us, and some of the exercises/games would NOT work without NEWER remotes.  So we ordered two new remotes.  As you can tell, we ended up spending way more than we thought because we are behind the times.  Was it all worth it?  ABSOLUTELY!!!
Yes, more than one player may play at a time; however, it won't accumulate your data, time, or anything else that we saw.  We only tried it once.  We took turns back and forth trying to beat each other on a specific game/exercise but it did not keep our results. There is a 2 people run activity, but we have not done that one.   Maybe we just weren't doing it correctly.
The listed max weight is 330 lbs.  After that point, the game will turn off and not let you use the program.  You can work around this limit by putting a layer of cardboard under the board.  Just cut out the corners so the legs touch the floor.  If you need to reduce weight even more, you can add additional layers or use foam.  I have read that the board can support up to 500-600 lbs.
Yes. It comes with larger pads to put on when used on carpet.
Almost all the exercises do so yes you need one.
Yes.
I think for a teenager, not kids.
Nope - no milking the cows (my boys said)
No its not its farming simulator2013 2015 hasn't come out for 360 yet
My son said , to pick up eggs just walk over them. Use a hay bailer and place in pasture or stalls to feed cows. Hope this helps
Yes
Your chickens are in one spot and you cannot change where or how they are kept. The cows are fed buy grass, straw and chaff that you collect and have to mix for the best  feed. As far as organic farming, you either use fertilizers bought and filled on your farm or get it from raising cows. There are you two choices.  This is a limited game.
No there is not
It is very realistic..and fun to play
Yes. You just cannot purchase and use any dlc. It requires a UK psn id.
you cant get the downloadable content. my boyfriend is able to play it just fine in the US. only downside is you have to download all of the games except AC3 onto the harddrive and it takes up a lot of space. wish I would have just bought them all separate now
No ps4 is not backwards compatible, found that out firsthand unfortunately
Hola Luis, Sorry... only single player in América and latín america
Yes this fits the new one
Mine took around 8 hours to charge.
Yes when attached it charges the PS Vita first then the Battery in the Grip. It is advised to power the PS Vita off if you want it to fully charge.
I have not noticed this at all.  Maybe your unit is defective?
Yes! AmazonBasics case, have it myself and it fits perfect. Even room for the some extras, like headphones, a cleaning cloth and some games or SD cards. Some nice pockets inside to store them in. Link to item: http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B002VPE1QG/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1417809396&sr;=8-1π=AC_SY200_QL40
No it does not! But I do 2 things to prevent pver charging.  1) I set the vita in grip and dont plug the grip into the charge port.  2) I just drain the grip battery to where there is no charge and us the grip just as a grip.
It is made for the 2000 model. I've been using it and its absolutely perfect! great grip! only gripe would be getting accustomed to hitting R2 and L2 on the back panel. Before I was always hitting it by accident, which doesnt happen now with the power grip. But now the R2 is a bit harder to reach. For example, I cant have my finger ready at R1 and hit R2 at the same time. I run into this problem when playing borderlands.
Memory card yes, game slot no.
Yes it's a battery pack 2extra hrs of play, and 2gen vita
It comes as a separate sheet of cardboard paper along with the other paperwork included in the box.
Yes
Yes it does. It plays them perfectly
No.
Very good
It came with the last of us, batman arkham origins, the controller, the PS3, and the red whit yellow audio video cords. There was no hdmi cord included.
No
Depending on the game, it can be added content on top of the regular game. There called DLC's or downloadable content. New missions, maps etc.
nop, you can´t  the game and the seasson pas has tobe of the same region. Game EU seasson Eu... Or Game USA Seasson USA
It's just the DLC for the game
Steam or Amazon game library.
You can use your keyboard. I use it too, but it's not comfortable. When you want to do a bigger combo, it is impossibble to make it succesfull. So I recommend controller to play.
I had redeemed my code through Steam, but I believe Amazon offers a DRM-Free download as well.
I have a wired xbox 360 game controller, I just plugged it in the USB port of my computer and the game automatically recognized it. It also asks you when you about to play a match to Press the Accept Button on the controller you want to use, so I've had no problems using the xbox 360 controller for this game. Not sure how a wireless controller would work.
Yes it does through steam. It has same screen multi-player but No LAN support though...
YEP as long as your normal audio works This should work As always get the latest drivers for your audio card Check settings in game
Yes it does but they have an automatic timer on how long it can go unused like sitting it to the side to go to the bathroom or the kitchen for something it shuts the controller off but this is good because the battery time is amazing if you charge it right like I have but yes sixaxis is supported you bought a great controller
There is a small hole in the back ....have u tried to reset the control??
Yes, connects without problems . It's really easy
Hi there, This item is only compatible with a Sony PS3, it will not work with a MacBook. Thank you!
No but they're pretty cheap on Amazon
Well, unfortunately I'm not an avid gamer so I am not on it that often, but I have found that if you have it in sleep mode it does a very good job of retaining power. If I were to estimate, if you played it as much as the average owner, I would say you could get a guaranteed couple days out of it...I might even venture and say three days. Again thats just a guess.You might wanna poke around online and google some sites that will give you some good insight on the battery life. Hope I was able to help at least a little. Have fun and keep gaming! ;)
This 2DS comes with a grey wall charger, stylus, directions and a preloaded game.  Basically everything you need to start playing right out of the box.
Yes it does. When you turn on the DS and scroll through the apps Pokemon X will appear.
I believe so.
Its plain Red... no Pokemon emblems.  The game is just installed in the system memory
I didn't lose my preloaded data when I sent mine in for repairs.
It's probably 0000. I never needed to use a Pass Key but if it's asking for one I would thing that is it being that is usually the default number.
Definitely.. I have the same problem but it's easily adjustable because all music players come with the option of balancing between drivers. So just go to your music player's settings and tweak to suit
No. This is why I ordered them, and they would show a connection, but then had no audio.
It dos not work as Bluetooth device at all. Works as wired head phone. Even touch control does not respond for muting.
As long as the device has blue tooth capability, it should link it without a problem.
Yes, you could hear the sound.The headphone can connect with the PS3
I believe this is a knock off. It feels and looks like a real controller though. It has the same case as the real controller. Just the case has chinese letters. I've had the controller for 2 weeks now and I have had no problems. So for the price, I would get it.
It could if you customize it but I had a very hard time doing that. In the end I just gave up on this product.
It does. It works better on a Mac, actually. If you have any trouble with it, you can download a driver for it from the Xbox site. Shouldn't be a problem loading it though. Once you plug the controller into the USB port, let it load. All of the drivers should automatically download for you.
Yes, I've used it on a number of games on 8.1 with no problems.
I recently bought one of these controllers and they work great. I have never owned an actual SCUF so I can't compare, but the paddles do not seem hard to press at all. The only problem I had with mine was that it was difficult to plug the microphone in to the controller because the motherboard inside was slightly off. I contacted the seller and he walked me through how to deal with the issue. It works fine now. Hope this helps.
Scufgaming.com
Yes, full support for anything above Ubuntu 12.04
"This product is will not replace your mouse.  You can use it to perform similar things as a mouse, but it's so horrible at it that you'll go back to your mouse as your primary way of interacting with your computer.  My ""Leap Motion"" device is so not useful, that its just been sitting on my desk under a stack of paper for months.  Can't find a real, everyday use for this device other than to just play around with it's apps."
Not sure what it is you're referring to, but if you're trying to use the Leap Motion for serious gaming, I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you...it's not quite accurate or fast enough in its response time...
"Hello Kumarswamy,Thank you for the query! The Leap Motion Controller is compatible with the Oculus Rift with the latest release of our V2 SDK. You can view more information on Leap Motion and the Oculus Rift through the following link. https://developer.leapmotion.com/vrIn regards to your query regarding the difference between the Leap Motion Device sold on Amazon vs the one we sell on our site, please note that there is no difference. The devices are exactly the same and function in the same manner. Please let us know if you have any remaining questions or concerns.



    Hello Kumarswamy,Thank you for the query! The Leap Motion Controller is compatible with the Oculus Rift with the latest release of our V2 SDK. You can view more information on Leap Motion and the Oculus Rift through the following link. https://developer.leapmotion.com/vrIn regards to your query regarding the difference between the Leap Motion Device sold on Amazon vs the one we sell on our site, please note that there is no difference. The devices are exactly the same and function in the same manner. Please let us know if you have any...
      » 
Read More


   Hello Kumarswamy,Thank you for the query! The Leap Motion Controller is compatible with the Oculus Rift with the latest release of our V2 SDK. You can view more information on Leap Motion and the Oculus Rift through the following link. https://developer.leapmotion.com/vrIn regards to your query regarding the difference between the Leap Motion Device sold on Amazon vs the one we sell on our site, please note that there is no difference. The devices are exactly the same and function in the same manner. Please let us know if you have any remaining questions or concerns.
      « 

Show Less"
I have no idea if it will work on the 2DS or not.  Not really familiar with the 2DS.
I am pretty sure it won't work on an Australian 3ds console  :(
I do not recall seeing the language option, Jose. I think it may be in English only.
You need to be able to read
It is for any gender. You can make your character either a boy or a girl
A child who couldn't read would be frustrated by this game. 99% of the game is not voice-acted, so they wouldn't understand what was going on. There's a note on the back of the box as well that says reading ability is required to play, which is completely true. The ability to read character dialogue and game menus is absolutely necessary.
It will not work on a regular Nintendo DS or Nintendo DS XL, it only works on Nintendo 3DS, 3DS XL, or the Nintendo 2DS systems.
No it definitely will not.I hope it will be released for the uk market soon as I bought it for my son and he cannot play it on his machine.
You get everything except for a title, green dye, and a hoverboard.
I would assume so. they email you the code. Then your friend should be able to make their own account w/ their email.
It sure does! They'll email the passes to you after a couple days and then you're free to send them to your friends.
It's is just a registration code to give you access to the game. You use the code on the WildStar website and then download the game.
Yes, in fact it's the only way to play on US servers.  If you buy a code from one of their European gates, or even through a European amazon gate, it will only be good for Euro servers.  I bought a code on US amazon for a friend in Europe and we play together on US servers.
My best friend is an all mac guy and I'm afraid he's not going to be able to play WildStar at all. They definitely won't have mac support at release. I have read several forum entries that say don't try to play Wildstar on Parallels because the delay on the MAC is overwhelming. I know some people are now trying to setup Bootcamp and make it work but it doesn't sound positive.I would definitely wait till Carbine comes out with a MAC client..
This game was purchased for the PS4, not playable on a laptop.  I am not sure if it comes for computer play.  Sorry.
As answered by Darkcaedus, the game does not contain a Co-op (or any form of online) mode, but he incorrectly states it is an RPG.  The game itself contains some RPG-style elements but the primary gameplay would be classified as a Hack-and-Slash.
it is a disk
As for audio, you can purchase the Japanese voice tracks for the whole main game (not the DLC missions), but the subs are English only as far as I know.
In the north American version yes
Yes they are
No, just English and Japanese.
"This game is NOT Demonic and it certainly isn't Satanic. As for sexuality, besides the outfit you see the main character in on the cover, and the , very, occasional innuendo from the ""old perv"" character, there is little sexual in nature about this game. This game is more swords and sorcery. No demons and NO satanic material."
Kik me better  Hayaween95
"Tentatively. Don't buy it if you're deaf, though. There's reasons.Anyway, if you go into this thinking it will be either Nier or Drakengard 1 you'll be disappointed. But make no mistake that the emotion and writing you'd expect will be there. The humor is juvenile and not always funny, but it fits into the theme of the game: Contrast. For every joke there's a tear, and for every smile there's a funeral. The characters aren't as immediately memorable, but the Zero and her dragon Mikhail have an amazing chemistry that just overshadows everything else anyway. The overall story is a great take on the concepts of ""series canon"" and timeline effects. You'll first need to know that each ending has a completely separate sequence of events, unlike in Nier where each new ending path led to more context on the situation. Ultimately Draken3 feels like a medieval fantasy timeline story, like a sort of ""Steins;Gate"" but Drakengard style. The other answerer to your question is rather on point, too. Ultimately it will feel very unique but worth it. Some moments will fall flat while others will be as amazing as you'd hope and each ending is unarguably charged with an explosion of emotions and revelations. Don't go into it expecting Nier, but you can expect quality.



    Tentatively. Don't buy it if you're deaf, though. There's reasons.Anyway, if you go into this thinking it will be either Nier or Drakengard 1 you'll be disappointed. But make no mistake that the emotion and writing you'd expect will be there. The humor is juvenile and not always funny, but it fits into the theme of the game: Contrast. For every joke there's a tear, and for every smile there's a funeral. The characters aren't as immediately memorable, but the Zero and her dragon Mikhail have an amazing chemistry that just overshadows everything else anyway. The overall story is a great...
      » 
Read More


   Tentatively. Don't buy it if you're deaf, though. There's reasons.Anyway, if you go into this thinking it will be either Nier or Drakengard 1 you'll be disappointed. But make no mistake that the emotion and writing you'd expect will be there. The humor is juvenile and not always funny, but it fits into the theme of the game: Contrast. For every joke there's a tear, and for every smile there's a funeral. The characters aren't as immediately memorable, but the Zero and her dragon Mikhail have an amazing chemistry that just overshadows everything else anyway. The overall story is a great take on the concepts of ""series canon"" and timeline effects. You'll first need to know that each ending has a completely separate sequence of events, unlike in Nier where each new ending path led to more context on the situation. Ultimately Draken3 feels like a medieval fantasy timeline story, like a sort of ""Steins;Gate"" but Drakengard style. The other answerer to your question is rather on point, too. Ultimately it will feel very unique but worth it. Some moments will fall flat while others will be as amazing as you'd hope and each ending is unarguably charged with an explosion of emotions and revelations. Don't go into it expecting Nier, but you can expect quality.
      « 

Show Less"
Only buying the dlc for them .
Yes! And in perfect condition. It does NOT come with a ps vita memory card though.
There a difference between recertified and refurbished. Refurbed is sold as is usually, whereas recertified still carries a warranty. Both are used and/or fixed models, which is to the reason for the lower price.
Yes it does! And the start up guide and a manual. Everything originally in the box
No, it does not come with the cards
Yes
I got the 16G it's perfect for me, I downloaded a few games(4) and still have plenty of space.
No
Nope, game won't start without a memory card, I tried.
This game continues from where the anime is at, and it appears to be showcasing what will happen in the future. I highly recommend you watch up to episode 650, and you'll be safe! Enjoy the show and journey, cause this game will offer a lot of it. ^_^
Yes, it has subtitles. Here is the beginning (51 minutes) of the English version of the game if you want to see what it will look like: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0dM3LShhdo
The dlc will be able to be purchased from within the game, that connects to the e shop. ^_^ (Like an online store from inside the game).
You need two copies bro
It's English
Hard copy
Yes he is, and he's playable.
yes it does work on windows 8
yes, for sure Win 7 and should work with xp
Simple answer: Yes!
Logitech says their joystick is indeed packaged with a manual.  But you can also find one here: http://www.logitech.com/en-us/support/attack-3-joystick
any one you want. xp ,7, it is a usb stick and will work on  any available usb port. also comes with a install disk and instructions on how to calibrate! hope this helps
No
No, didn't need one. I just plugged it in and went right to it. My OS is Windows 7.
Not sure, sorry
I only used it on windows. Sorry
I am not sure. I use it for windows vista. I think Logitech has a website that should tell you.
Yes
Yes it's the original wii
It should, my grandchildren uses just dance on the wii all the time
I mainly use my Wii for Netflix and Hulu. Such a good console for instant streaming.
Yes
I believe that the wii sports game was included.
Yes as long the title say wiiIf the title says wii U it won't work.
Yes
This is the original wii console. This console has 4 GameCube slot and two USB slot
No, you'll need an original Xbox to play it
If you have an adapter for a VGA input yes. Mac uses other inputs depending on what year your mac is.
If your monitor has a VGA input, it should work.
It will work with an Xbox 360 elite
Non digital tv- picture? If it has a female VGA port then it should work. The red and white is for a separate sound output. So like speakers. You can also get av to aux 3.5mm cord.
If the back of your Xbox 360 has a port that looks like the trapezoidal one in this picture (http://www.spainsellers.com/images/Xbox-360-Slim.jpg), then it SHOULD work, but no guarantees. I would suggest an HDMI cable instead of this, if the monitor/screen you're trying to connect to has an HDMI port.
I am using it on a 360S
Not with this cable. I tried a couple other aftermarket ones that were terrible. The Microsoft one is the real deal.
NO
I don't think the game is region locked. If that's what you mean.
No, its ps3 exclusive currently
Yes
yes
Cecilia I wish I could help,but this was a gift for our Grandson who lives in Tennesse and we live in Plattsburgh New York,I am not a gamer and he is on the go all the time ,so I don't hear from him.
No I haven't had any issues with it and I'm nearly 3/4 through the game. Does your disk have scratches/dirt? if so you may want to take a cotton ball and some rubbing alcohol and thoroughly clean the disk.
Full Game.
Yes, it comes with both the intsaltion disc and the game disc!!!!!!
i got this for a friend for his birthday so am not sure of the difference, sorry i couldn't help
yes because i got when i was 10 and i skipped all cutscenes and just followed the instructions on what to do
If you have tile or hardwood floors it doesn't slip! It kind of has a non slip grip at the bottom to help.
If your asking does it have a reaction delay, we have never noticed one. Excellent DDR pad. It gets ton of use at my house. No complaints yet
I played on windows 8 and it seemed to handle it alright, but I think I had to change some computer settings.
Yes, its a Cd-Rom game.. and it's a really fun/spooky point and click :-)
Mine arrived in a ziplock bag with a product sticker taped onto it.
"3. two front, 1 rear of original design (white or black). 4. two front, two rear of Slim.Using rear ports loses at least 15"" of distance from haveing to wrap around the rear of the xbox and up a side."
You actually can use it as a wired controller on pc. First, download the Xbox 360 software from here http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-controller-for-windows . Then connect the controller to your pc and go to Device Manager. There should be a branch called unknown device. Double click it and choose to install existing driver, then pick the driver called xbox peripherals and then pick connection through Play and Charge kit. Hopefully this helped you.
According to the pckaging it's a 9 foot cord.
It will charge through PC. In order to use the actual controller through the PC, you need the Microsoft adapter.  I bought this item and the adapter; works great. Still cheaper than buying a wired usb controller, although those are good too.
Yes, it's a standard microsoft battery, works great with any microsoft charge kits like the duel black MS charge station.
It sure will. If you already own an Xbox 360 and the 360 controller (as it should have come with) then the cord will act as a charger and you'll also have an extra battery pack.
Screwdriver was included.
A few hours
Time to buy another battery
No, that is the battery within the game cartridge,  which is a watch battery.
Mine says 850. Works great. Holds charge as well as the original. Hope that helps
Probably, your original battery is ten years old now and has cycled a lot of times.
You don't actually buy a new LCD. You can buy just the little light. Installing it is a monster pain though. There are several tutorials on youtube however.
When I purchased my replacement battery, it came with a yellow screwdriver that fit perfectly.
"I have the original G15 and I hope it never breaks since the change was pretty drastic. The color orange is good since when I have a lot of white on my monitor the keys are barely readable since the reflection from the monitor makes my blue keys hard to see. I currently use 14 of the keys, most with shortcuts to programs. I memorize where they are and I have one button access to them. The fewer keys now means that I will now I have to use the M button to toggle and then select. This adds another step, but I guess it's fine since I only use 14 of the 54 keys provided. I rarely use them in-game.



    I have the original G15 and I hope it never breaks since the change was pretty drastic. The color orange is good since when I have a lot of white on my monitor the keys are barely readable since the reflection from the monitor makes my blue keys hard to see. I currently use 14 of the keys, most with shortcuts to programs. I memorize where they are and I have one button access to them. The fewer keys now means that I will now I have to use the M button to toggle and then select. This adds another step, but I guess it's fine since I only use 14 of the 54 keys provided. I rarely...
      » 
Read More


   I have the original G15 and I hope it never breaks since the change was pretty drastic. The color orange is good since when I have a lot of white on my monitor the keys are barely readable since the reflection from the monitor makes my blue keys hard to see. I currently use 14 of the keys, most with shortcuts to programs. I memorize where they are and I have one button access to them. The fewer keys now means that I will now I have to use the M button to toggle and then select. This adds another step, but I guess it's fine since I only use 14 of the 54 keys provided. I rarely use them in-game.
      « 

Show Less"
"yeah but why does the product description look like it's from the olver version of the g15 kb. Product DescriptionStay in the game with the Logitech G15 keyboard. The tilt-able, backlit GamePanel display lets you keep tabs on messages, see game status and monitor many types of system information - all while you're still in the game. 18 programmable macro keys give you the ability to easily create up to 54 custom macros per game and the cool blue backlit characters on every keycap help you keep playing until late. It even features a full-speed USB hub and convenient cable routing channels for your mouse and headset!o hitting that button accidentally won't end your game.The Logitech G15 keyboard is completely customizable to help you play better. Try it and you'll never go back to a standard keyboard.



    yeah but why does the product description look like it's from the olver version of the g15 kb. Product DescriptionStay in the game with the Logitech G15 keyboard. The tilt-able, backlit GamePanel display lets you keep tabs on messages, see game status and monitor many types of system information - all while you're still in the game. 18 programmable macro keys give you the ability to easily create up to 54 custom macros per game and the cool blue backlit characters on every keycap help you keep playing until late. It even features a full-speed USB hub and convenient cable...
      » 
Read More


   yeah but why does the product description look like it's from the olver version of the g15 kb. Product DescriptionStay in the game with the Logitech G15 keyboard. The tilt-able, backlit GamePanel display lets you keep tabs on messages, see game status and monitor many types of system information - all while you're still in the game. 18 programmable macro keys give you the ability to easily create up to 54 custom macros per game and the cool blue backlit characters on every keycap help you keep playing until late. It even features a full-speed USB hub and convenient cable routing channels for your mouse and headset!o hitting that button accidentally won't end your game.The Logitech G15 keyboard is completely customizable to help you play better. Try it and you'll never go back to a standard keyboard.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, the keyboard and the software that comes with it is compatible with windows 7 and 8.
If I remember correctly, it needs an update before it will work - check Google for a better answer.
Yes, they are the same thing.  If not it would update for free to be the same, but if I remember right, when I bought it it was all up to date. It's totally worth the buy imo
Yes it will l. I'm running the game a PC with an AMD phenom x3 2.8 processor and a Radeon HD 6450 video card with  max settings. Runs great.
"Even if you are administrator, try right clicking on the game and choosing ""run as administrator"". You may also have to run it in a compatibility mode for Windows 8. I have Windows 7, so I'm not sure:/"
I don't believe so, as it was only released on PC. The controls are super funky, so I'm not sure how it could be mapped to a 360 controller...
Yes. I ran it on Windows 7 with no problems.
You get a full sized map of The Northern Kingdoms, a 2 page installation guide, a 48 page insert from The Witcher novel by Andrzej Sapkowski, a 112 page strategy guide, a physical soundtrack on CD and another CD with music inspired by the game, the actual game disc, a bonus disc, and a behind the scenes disc. You'll need to download the Director's Cut patch once you install the game to get all the censored content they cut out of this version.
Yes. But be sure your computer has the proper Windows. It will not operate on my windows 7.
The two detach, and the throttle can still be used, but I don't think the connective wire is long enough to span between two arms of a chair. Maybe a foot, foot and a half tops.
This is a great buy for Star Citizen's. One of the top reasons if not my number one reason for getting it. Tested and works great, surprisingly made well!
"Works great and I love it. For those that are wishing for more hat switches you can use the three thumb buttons on the throttle as modifiers (similar to shift, ctrl or alt) to the main stick buttons in controller setup. This multiplies the buttons on the main stick: You essentially have 4 hats, 4 triggers, and 4x2 thumb buttons on the main stick. I just assign each throttle button to a ship function- like #1 = defensive countermeasures, #2 = navigating/docking operations, #3 = utility (i.e. deploy cargo scoop, silent running, etc.) and I have more than enough capability with this setup. Another nice feature that compliments the game is the middle detent in the throttle that allows you to easily locate zero-throttle versus reverse throttle. Highly recommend for Elite:Dangerous.



    Works great and I love it. For those that are wishing for more hat switches you can use the three thumb buttons on the throttle as modifiers (similar to shift, ctrl or alt) to the main stick buttons in controller setup. This multiplies the buttons on the main stick: You essentially have 4 hats, 4 triggers, and 4x2 thumb buttons on the main stick. I just assign each throttle button to a ship function- like #1 = defensive countermeasures, #2 = navigating/docking operations, #3 = utility (i.e. deploy cargo scoop, silent running, etc.) and I have more than enough capability with this setup....
      » 
Read More


   Works great and I love it. For those that are wishing for more hat switches you can use the three thumb buttons on the throttle as modifiers (similar to shift, ctrl or alt) to the main stick buttons in controller setup. This multiplies the buttons on the main stick: You essentially have 4 hats, 4 triggers, and 4x2 thumb buttons on the main stick. I just assign each throttle button to a ship function- like #1 = defensive countermeasures, #2 = navigating/docking operations, #3 = utility (i.e. deploy cargo scoop, silent running, etc.) and I have more than enough capability with this setup. Another nice feature that compliments the game is the middle detent in the throttle that allows you to easily locate zero-throttle versus reverse throttle. Highly recommend for Elite:Dangerous.
      « 

Show Less"
From using a tape measure, I came up with 102 inches or 8 ft. 5 inches.
In short, yes.  Long answer:  There are two options for yaw control.  The stick has twist functionality for yaw.  For a second option, there is a two way rocker/lever bar behind the throttle assembly (where the tips of your fingers rest).
I can't answer that because I have only used it with X-plane on Mac.
It works for both of them great! Fully compatible!
It does, indeed. I got it for my PC that runs Windows 8.1, and it works great!
Yes and yes. The Joystick twists AND the throttle has a rocker bar (you can't see in this photo) for rudder control on the back. Both snap back to default when not actually twisting/rocking.
"I measured mine, about 14"" front to back on the yoke and stem shaft.  12"" side to side, and about 8"" high."
No
Other than re-calibrating/centering - sorry no.
Yes, it works with windows 8.
Yes.  Both work on an axis just like the throttle.  If you watch the lower cockpit, you can see the aircraft controls move in response.
Yes, you can. Works without problems. Mountain Lion.
Once the game is installed, you play from the internet. You'll get weekly updates that download when you log in. There is no need to have the CD in the computer. Just be connected to the internet.
"I never had the first one but this is a a great game.  Lots of people playing every time I get on, but haven't played in a while. You can talk to people with keyboard messages and it has daily and monthly ""quest"" to do also.  I best part I like is no monthly fee to play. ... play when you want and as much as you want. I like it and hope this helped a little"
This game is totally different from the first one in many ways.  Its much more complex and interactive but also much more confusing as to how to do this and that and the skill system is nothing like Guild Wars 1.  A lot of the same skills have been used from the first one but they do not work the same way.  This is still a great game though especially for people that actually have a life and want to be casual players.  I was a huge fan of the first one and although I wish the second one was more similar to the first,  I still like it a lot.
"If you selected the ""PC"" box and not the ""PC Download"" box underneath the ""Platform"" options on the page, then yes it will receive a physical copy of the game. You will need the code that comes in the box before you can play the game. You could always try the ""PC Download"" option if you didn't want to wait for shipping. Please note that if you select ""PC Download"" you will not be getting a physical copy."
"In order to play GW2 all you need to get is either GW2 or GW2 the deluxe version. (As well as a computer, internet connection, mouse/controller, etc.)GW1 and it's expansions really are not necessary to play GW2. All it might do is unlock certain items in GW2 that you can only get from GW1(All cosmetic, and not game changing in the least). The regular version of GW2 just comes with the game: you buy the game, create an account, download it and you are good to go. The deluxe version comes with the game and a few other little things(Once again not at all game breaking or especially advantageous). TL DR: You just need the regular version of GW2 to play the game.



    In order to play GW2 all you need to get is either GW2 or GW2 the deluxe version. (As well as a computer, internet connection, mouse/controller, etc.)GW1 and it's expansions really are not necessary to play GW2. All it might do is unlock certain items in GW2 that you can only get from GW1(All cosmetic, and not game changing in the least). The regular version of GW2 just comes with the game: you buy the game, create an account, download it and you are good to go. The deluxe version comes with the game and a few other little things(Once again not at all game breaking or especially...
      » 
Read More


   In order to play GW2 all you need to get is either GW2 or GW2 the deluxe version. (As well as a computer, internet connection, mouse/controller, etc.)GW1 and it's expansions really are not necessary to play GW2. All it might do is unlock certain items in GW2 that you can only get from GW1(All cosmetic, and not game changing in the least). The regular version of GW2 just comes with the game: you buy the game, create an account, download it and you are good to go. The deluxe version comes with the game and a few other little things(Once again not at all game breaking or especially advantageous). TL DR: You just need the regular version of GW2 to play the game.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
This is for US consoles.
1. delete your file & create a new one (this usually works pretty good).2. try using fewer codes (if you use to many codes they start to do weird things).3. spend the extra money & invest in a gameshark (it's a much better product overall).
los angeles
It has some base line cheats for the main characters.  However, in searching the internet, you can find proper cheats for the game, including leveling up faster, always getting an item with a monster battle, always going first.  I do not like the base line cheats as they are auto maximum stats and levels for the characters, no fun at all.  But, the found cheats, allowing a little help and going faster through the game without having to spend hours leveling up.. those make the game very enjoyable.  Hope this helps.
I don't know because I can't get it to work.
"I don't think it matters which model number the PS2 is.I have heard that it does better on the old PS2 ""fat"".I've had both the newer slim and the older fat consoles, and I like the older PS2 'fat"" better."
It might not work in India, but try see if it does work.
Maybe it might not sure
No, it uses the PS2 card  that comes with it.
No. You get four options to choose from for your response.
yes
Hi,  No, the one you are looking at is for Windows.  To find a Mac one, go to the Amazon Search and type in Jeopardy Deluxe Mac and you should find them.  The box is white for the mac, blue for the windows.  Thanks. Rocky
You can play with up to 3 live players at home.
Yes it does and is very easy to upload to your pc.
I run mine on my laptop but did not buy a special version. I have Windows 7 but found that it works better on a previous version.For most things I run my laptop as a pc.
Yes, it works on Windows 7. I installed mine and it download just fine. I have a HP laptop computer. I recommend this Jeopardy game and The Price Is Right.
Yes.  Bought it for my GF and she has windows 7
"At least on the Xbox 360, not any way that I'm aware of. They do not ever use the ""F"" word and you will often hear them using other words purposefully instead of the actual curse word. But, they will say curse words every now and then. But, if you're worried about the foul language in the game, I wouldn't advise letting anyone young play this."
No you don't. Best game ever
Yes
"I would play this with my 7 year old niece and nephew, but generally I'd say 10 and up. There is no swearing or anything like that i think it is a ""family friendly"" game.. if your kids are already exposed to zombies and gore it shouldn't be a big deal."
Not as far as I know. I can't speak for the dlc however. Also don't trust me.
I m not sure. I know you can play two players co op offline
Yes. It had the offer code,but if you get it used,it its probably used already. There is also a rare special edition box set but it is VERy expensive .
I am not a seller. I bought a used game from Amazon. It came with a plastic case.
Mine were already redeemed because I bought it used. If you look up the actual dlc content, you'll see that you aren't missing all that much. It is likely that the codes expired even if the game is new...considering it is several years old now.
Yeah mine had a code to access all the bonus multi-player stuff because it was game of the year edition.
Pretty much... The one I received had an code to redeem for the add ons & it was invalid.
all Move products will work with both PS3 AND PS4
Yes the stick functions as a button as well.
"Technically no, but Google ""XInput Wrapper for DS3 USB Dual DS2 Controller"" (no quotes) and the top result should be a thread on forums dot pcsx2 dot net/Thread-XInput-Wrapper-for-DS3-and-Play-com-USB-Dual-DS2-Controller and you'll find instructions there. It shows up as an XBox controller once the driver is installed. I use it with a cheap bluetooth USB dongle as a speedpad for Manga Studio/Photoshop. (Manga Studio/Clip Studio is made by a Japanese company called CelSys, and they make something called a ""Tab-Mate"" that's basically a wired-only version of this. For some reason they don't sell the Tab-mate here in the US.)Oh and I forgot: stay away from MotioninJoy now that that SCP driver is available. MotioninJoy is super-sketchy and even if it's not backdoor-ing anything (while it's required to have internet access every time you use it) it WILL screw up your drivers no matter how carefully you try to uninstall it.



    Technically no, but Google ""XInput Wrapper for DS3 USB Dual DS2 Controller"" (no quotes) and the top result should be a thread on forums dot pcsx2 dot net/Thread-XInput-Wrapper-for-DS3-and-Play-com-USB-Dual-DS2-Controller and you'll find instructions there. It shows up as an XBox controller once the driver is installed. I use it with a cheap bluetooth USB dongle as a speedpad for Manga Studio/Photoshop. (Manga Studio/Clip Studio is made by a Japanese company called CelSys, and they make something called a ""Tab-Mate"" that's basically a wired-only version of this. For...
      » 
Read More


   Technically no, but Google ""XInput Wrapper for DS3 USB Dual DS2 Controller"" (no quotes) and the top result should be a thread on forums dot pcsx2 dot net/Thread-XInput-Wrapper-for-DS3-and-Play-com-USB-Dual-DS2-Controller and you'll find instructions there. It shows up as an XBox controller once the driver is installed. I use it with a cheap bluetooth USB dongle as a speedpad for Manga Studio/Photoshop. (Manga Studio/Clip Studio is made by a Japanese company called CelSys, and they make something called a ""Tab-Mate"" that's basically a wired-only version of this. For some reason they don't sell the Tab-mate here in the US.)Oh and I forgot: stay away from MotioninJoy now that that SCP driver is available. MotioninJoy is super-sketchy and even if it's not backdoor-ing anything (while it's required to have internet access every time you use it) it WILL screw up your drivers no matter how carefully you try to uninstall it.
      « 

Show Less"
No
If you are the only one playing, one is enough. It all depends on the number of possible people playing. We're a family of 3, so we bought 3.
All my controllers are wireless and it is wise to buy the set to the move controllers. The numb chuck is also a must have because you need it to use with bow and arrows, and some guns or riffles
friend if this browser control is only for accuracy, in some games, you can use other commands without problem
Approx 8 inches by 8 inches, it will definitely fit your 3ds xl and then some. Inside the bag is an inner pouch that will fit your 3ds xl vertically, there is a detachable Velcro divider inside which you can remove to fit you 3ds xl horizontally, the additional space is supposed to be for a car charger. Either way there is plenty of room for your 3dsxl.
Yes
I bought the blue/teal one. It does look like the black one but I do not know if it is like the pink one or not.
Razer has a free downloadable program called Razer Synapse that allows configuration of the mouse, Including the lights. The Wheel light and logo light can be toggled off individually. There's also an option to toggle all lighting to off when system displays are turned off
It is decently sized. My hands are large and it feels comfortable.
I'm not sure
It's a right handed design, it's not confortable to use with your left hand, the shape of the mouse and the button placement would make it very odd. Razer has some ambidextrous options
Yup shouldn't have any issues.
Dear Zanity 777,My answer to your question regarding Jewel Quest 1 & 2----I did not have any junk problems with them......the only problem I get is when I download games from internet, which I now don't do that anymore as you can be unlucky and get viruses that are expensive to FIX........Regards......S.BaSTAS
I am not quite sure. That is all I know.
It might. I do not no for sure. Try it and let me know.
Return it the product does not work. I returned it and got a Logitech controller instead which works perfectly without any headaches. The controller you bought is a hunk of junk!
No
"If your controller is wireless, you will have to go through a few more steps. However, using a wired controller, you only need to plug in the USB, start your game, go to control settings, and make sure ""360 controller"" or simply ""controller"" is enabled.The following are instructions for a wireless 360 controller. 1. You need to have or purchase a wireless gaming receiver. Assuming you have windows, the software should automatically install after a few minutes.2. Like most wireless gaming controllers, a ""search"" button will allow you to connect with your device. However, first you need to press the search button on the receiver. Then, press the search button on the controller.3. If you do not connect, check your batteries and open up the ""My Computer"" window to make sure your receiver is connected. (Usually it will appear under devices)4. You may need to configure some settings in-game to make sure the buttons are bound to the right control.5. If you are still having trouble with the controls, the Xbox forums have easy-to-follow advice for most Windows versions.http://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-on-other-devices/windows/xbox-controller-for-windows-configure#72e400f5ec8c476d9cf9c94e50918dcf



    If your controller is wireless, you will have to go through a few more steps. However, using a wired controller, you only need to plug in the USB, start your game, go to control settings, and make sure ""360 controller"" or simply ""controller"" is enabled.The following are instructions for a wireless 360 controller. 1. You need to have or purchase a wireless gaming receiver. Assuming you have windows, the software should automatically install after a few minutes.2. Like most wireless gaming controllers, a ""search"" button will allow you to connect...
      » 
Read More


   If your controller is wireless, you will have to go through a few more steps. However, using a wired controller, you only need to plug in the USB, start your game, go to control settings, and make sure ""360 controller"" or simply ""controller"" is enabled.The following are instructions for a wireless 360 controller. 1. You need to have or purchase a wireless gaming receiver. Assuming you have windows, the software should automatically install after a few minutes.2. Like most wireless gaming controllers, a ""search"" button will allow you to connect with your device. However, first you need to press the search button on the receiver. Then, press the search button on the controller.3. If you do not connect, check your batteries and open up the ""My Computer"" window to make sure your receiver is connected. (Usually it will appear under devices)4. You may need to configure some settings in-game to make sure the buttons are bound to the right control.5. If you are still having trouble with the controls, the Xbox forums have easy-to-follow advice for most Windows versions.http://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-on-other-devices/windows/xbox-controller-for-windows-configure#72e400f5ec8c476d9cf9c94e50918dcf
      « 

Show Less"
"you can fix the battery yourself. if you have about 10 mins and a soldering iron. 1.use a small razor knife, work around battery casing cutting through the glue. corners are the hardest part. dont cut all the way through. be careful not to cut your pinkie and use care when trying to open casing. Just go slow and dont force anything. you need the old casing!!!!after opening clean off ledges on casing. the batteries have a part number on them. go on line and buy a couple. under $3 apiece. use solding iron to remove and install new one/ones. note how they are wired up and install same way,,, put back together and use just a dab of crazy glue.   peace



    you can fix the battery yourself. if you have about 10 mins and a soldering iron. 1.use a small razor knife, work around battery casing cutting through the glue. corners are the hardest part. dont cut all the way through. be careful not to cut your pinkie and use care when trying to open casing. Just go slow and dont force anything. you need the old casing!!!!after opening clean off ledges on casing. the batteries have a part number on them. go on line and buy a couple. under $3 apiece. use solding iron to remove and install new one/ones. note how they are wired up and install same...
      » 
Read More


   you can fix the battery yourself. if you have about 10 mins and a soldering iron. 1.use a small razor knife, work around battery casing cutting through the glue. corners are the hardest part. dont cut all the way through. be careful not to cut your pinkie and use care when trying to open casing. Just go slow and dont force anything. you need the old casing!!!!after opening clean off ledges on casing. the batteries have a part number on them. go on line and buy a couple. under $3 apiece. use solding iron to remove and install new one/ones. note how they are wired up and install same way,,, put back together and use just a dab of crazy glue.   peace
      « 

Show Less"
The Rat 9 that i bought the other day just came in, it's 5600DPI. Pretty misleading product page.
"Actually, a company can end it's fiscal quarters/year whenever it wants to.  For example, Dell's Q4 is November 1 - January 31.  I've worked in the computer industry for 20+ years, and when it comes to new product announcements, they're always talking calendar year.  So, hopefully by June 30th.Another standard in the computer industry is that when a product doesn't ship on time, all inquiries about a new release date will be answered with ""two weeks"" until it finally does ship (this can go on for years, assuming it ever does ship).  Hopefully this product will be on time, because I want one now!



    Actually, a company can end it's fiscal quarters/year whenever it wants to. For example, Dell's Q4 is November 1 - January 31. I've worked in the computer industry for 20+ years, and when it comes to new product announcements, they're always talking calendar year. So, hopefully by June 30th.Another standard in the computer industry is that when a product doesn't ship on time, all inquiries about a new release date will be answered with ""two weeks"" until it finally does ship (this can go on for years, assuming it ever does ship). Hopefully this product will be on time,...
      » 
Read More


   Actually, a company can end it's fiscal quarters/year whenever it wants to.  For example, Dell's Q4 is November 1 - January 31.  I've worked in the computer industry for 20+ years, and when it comes to new product announcements, they're always talking calendar year.  So, hopefully by June 30th.Another standard in the computer industry is that when a product doesn't ship on time, all inquiries about a new release date will be answered with ""two weeks"" until it finally does ship (this can go on for years, assuming it ever does ship).  Hopefully this product will be on time, because I want one now!
      « 

Show Less"
The dimensions are, and these are not exact: 4.5 inches from front to back (length), 3 inches from side to side (width), and 1.25 inches tall.The palm rest extends to make it almost 5 inches long but does not affect mouse to desk contact length.
The allen screw is fastened really tight and can be hard to unscrew on first adjustment. I used an allen key to remove the screw on first adjustment. If you mean that the tool slips between your fingers use an allen key the first time you remove the pinky rest, if you mean the tool slips in the screw head then you have damaged the head, try using a larger allen key or a grip paste on the screw head.
It was probably just the other black piece that holds the weights in, if the tool holds them in then I don't really see a problem.
Black cat is not in this game from what I remember
This game, like most spider-man games, is a single player game. The only Spider-man game I can think of that is 2 player is called Spider-man: Friend or Foe, but that game is for younger kids than this one...hope that helps. This game by the way...is really good...my kids love it.
Some mild language, suggestive themes, and (as with most superhero games) violence. If you need help in understanding game ratings, visit ESRB.org.
No she isn't. I don't think she is even mentioned.
"omg, i searched and searched for this. even broke the leg sensor and had to buy a new one (lol). So, after you load your profile, in the bottom right corner, click ""help & settings"", after click ""settings"", then click ""rebind peripherals"". after that you press and hold the button on the arm sensor till it syncs up, then do the same with the leg. also, make sure the USB dongle is plugged it. Hope this helps."
I would return. I never got mine to work.
No, I haven't. I've been trying since I bought it several month's ago but it's never connected. I get same same error message.
The sensors used for this are exactly the same as those in the first Active as well as More Workouts. I have all of them. They all work.
Try brand new batteries in each receiver and put try to sync using the receiver in USB port 1. For some reason mine wouldn't work if I put it in the lower one. Try port 1 first then port 2 and if that doesn't work the receiver (or sensors) may be defective. If that's the case try to pick up the NFL one cheap and use the gear in there for both games. They will work with both / either game but don't move the receiver at all once it's synced.
You can yes. You need the arm band, leg band, and the 2nd USB dongle. I googled it and this is where I read it to http://www.nutwiisystem.com/two-players-and-ea-sports-active-2-exercising-with-a-friend.html.    hope this helps :-)
Yes it does. Works pretty well, in my opinion. It's not perfect, but you can still do the exercise.
You need to have the Wii system and a remote. It comes with resistant bands, heart rate monitor for your arm, leg monitor for motion and the CD
I don't know. I don't have a Wi mini. Sorry!
There is only one controller if you need the second one you need to buy it. Also some games use kinect you need to have that also I was told if you want to make this x box to hold more info you need to get a flash drive. Before I bought it on line I asked a lot of questions who had one and also people at stores who are in that department.  I hope I helped you
Idk why it says old version thats what I was expecting but its the new slim version.
Yes
No
"Some background information might be useful here. The XBOX 360 came in 3 different shapes. The original 360 in many colors and subtypes (arcade, elite), the second version was smaller and always black (Slim or S) with a slight X shape to the cabinet, and then an E model with a small but rectangular case (released just before XBOX One). So the use of ""newer"" and ""older"" is poorly clarified in this product listing."
No, just for Rock band 3
Hi!  No, because Rocksmith converts the analog signals from an electric guitar with its special cable, and this guitar is basically sending a MIDI (digital) signal.  I hope that helps... I know I wanted to do the same, but ended up buying a nice Acoustic/Electric (Ovation) for Rocksmith.
Yes.
No. It only works with Rock Band 3.
Highly unlikely.  As far as I know, the Mustang PRO guitar is only compatible with Rock Band 3.  It isn't even compatible with earlier versions of Rock Band, let alone games from a different series.
no
Yes but you will need an adapter for it
As far as I know, it's only dependant on system (Xbox/PS) and should work in any region. That being said, I only tested the regional functionality on keyboards (wich work well US->EU). Cheers!
have not use it with these but that being said I use it as midi connection the dongle has not been a factor. it will work with native instruments like contact, core player etc. the only thing about the guitar is it has a sustain about it, when you make a chord you can`t mute it with your hand by touching the strings like a real guitar. I have seen a few videos on youtube abut the guitar use check them out. it`s fun to play with. hope this was helpful,have fun jerry
Standard Blackwidow Ultimate has only blue with five intensity levels. There are other versions that give other colors (Dragon Age 2 with red and Battlefield 3 with orange), but each keyboard can only give one color at a time.
It's a loud keyboard the Cherry MX Blues have a distinct clicking sound
"The space bar issue is one that can occur to the space, shift, keypad +, keypad enter and keypad insert keys. The problem is that underneath said keys there is a thin rod running across with 2 little plastic parts holding the rod onto the key itself. This supports the wider key size, but when one of the little plastic parts pops out of the underside of the key, it will block the keys downward motion and will not allow the key to depress evenly, as the rod is only attached on one side. You will hear a rattle if you give it a shake. Pay shipping costs and wait for Razer to click the key back onto its rod then send it back, or just do it yourself... The issue is bound to happen some day- I hope this will be of some use to someone.



    The space bar issue is one that can occur to the space, shift, keypad +, keypad enter and keypad insert keys. The problem is that underneath said keys there is a thin rod running across with 2 little plastic parts holding the rod onto the key itself. This supports the wider key size, but when one of the little plastic parts pops out of the underside of the key, it will block the keys downward motion and will not allow the key to depress evenly, as the rod is only attached on one side. You will hear a rattle if you give it a shake. Pay shipping costs and wait for Razer to click the key back...
      » 
Read More


   The space bar issue is one that can occur to the space, shift, keypad +, keypad enter and keypad insert keys. The problem is that underneath said keys there is a thin rod running across with 2 little plastic parts holding the rod onto the key itself. This supports the wider key size, but when one of the little plastic parts pops out of the underside of the key, it will block the keys downward motion and will not allow the key to depress evenly, as the rod is only attached on one side. You will hear a rattle if you give it a shake. Pay shipping costs and wait for Razer to click the key back onto its rod then send it back, or just do it yourself... The issue is bound to happen some day- I hope this will be of some use to someone.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, it does.
Blue
"They are blues up until this years model which uses new custom Razer ""green"" switches as a replacement."
Cherry mx blue
Some features work out of the box, such as the normal keys, the audio jack, the media keys and the USB hub. Other features require the software which is not available for MAC. Meaning it's a waste of money if you have a MAC... because you won't get the advanced features out of it.
No backlighting besides the steel series name on top, can't tell u how it is compared to the mad catz never owned it, but FYI this isn't a mechanical key keyboard the benefit of the keyboard is the switchable key sets
No
Used with some scratches on the bottom right. Awesome for Starcraft 2 I have wings of liberty set brand new in box and a used one only used twice. Macros work great too!
The keysets are separate from the Shift keyboard. The keyboard itself comes with a generic keyset that you can replace with one that's game-specific.
No do not buy this key board the software is broken, get a G510
In your start menu (no idea for mac) there is the steelseries folder.  Check there and the user manual is in it.  Also if you right click the steelseries icon it's there as well.  Did you experience any issues with the engine install after a reboot?  2 others here have had it freeze up.  Good luck!
Yes, any number of your own troops can occupy the same space.
Civ 5 is only on Steam and you purchase it to download on the computer it is to be used on. Its like a gift certificate, but you have to join Steam as game is stored on cloud.
Yes. And they can be stacked and moved together.
I have no idea.
I recently installed them and they open independently.
Yes I'm playing it right now with 8.1
There isnt a dl code it just downloads from amazon
I don't know why not. It is about 2 Gig. I downloaded it at my cabin and then took it home on a external drive. I had no problems.
Open My Documents and look in the My Games folder
It is an supplement, and won't work on Windows 7 or 8. Civ5 better, but only on steam.
Yes. I use Windows 8. Keep in mind the LA PD mod. It adds a nice Los Angeles feel to the game.
Yes, it will, on my PC with windows 7, it has glitches to play a small screen size, smaller than my monitor
Yeah. Works fine
Yes
when you down load the mod if its a rar file or a zip file you must extract it then go into the properties of the game click and drag it into the mod folder for 911 first responder! You must restart the computer after it has been done! if you need more help I an help you!
A lot of mods are just drag and drop into the mod folder, which is located in the main directory for 911FR
You can't... the amazon download never came with it. The LA mod and a few others don't use the mod installer so you can get those
It does, read the manual it comes with on installing the mod. They have a PDF on how to
You buy the game outright from amazon.  It is not like the other game companies that charge you every month.
I have them on my computer (windows 8) but I play them in windows 7 mode.  So I would say yes to windows 7.
Yes, it plays on Windows 7, which is my operating system.
yes  mine did
If you do this, you're gonna receive the code on your email, from Amazon.Then, you just have to write the code on PS.
The ps plus you buy from amazon only work you if you're a user of united states, mexico and canada, and also if you think an American Profile, will ask for a credit card in the American region, you will not serve use your card charging credit of portugal. I've tried it in my country and 17 dollars were thrown away, if someone wants I can change for the $ 10 ps gift card
Not, you dont need an american credit card. Buy it and actívate it.
Yes
Unfortunately no.
How can fix
Yes it can work if you are using the US PSN account. You just need a US address. The key/ code will be email to you straight, and you can redeem it online or through the PSN store. I'm staying in Asia and using the US PSN account.
If you use the same used on both, yeah
If you are using the same PS account, it doesn't matter which system you use, you always have the PS Plus benefits, but beware since you have a numbered of systems and consoles allowed to each account.
Yeah! You can play the campaign without an internet connection! :D
According to Steam, under support, Windows Vista is listed as compatible OS
Yes
Yes. It comes with steam.
Yes it does but keep all numbers in a journal for back up just in case. Had no problems at all. On the bottom left of your steam page you will see ADD NEW GAMES. Click and follow instructions.  You will enjoy this game.
I do! I have spoke with a few people that still play, so I suppose the answer is yes!  I see there is multiplayer  on the menu however, I have hughsnet as my provider so with my present provider it is not possible to game on line.
Depends on your graphics card and cpu, yet i would not recommend windows 8 for gaming purposes
The whole complete process is about 2 hours depending on internet speed and laptop
Yes and no. They're different versions of the same exact game. They each have some minor, version exclusive content that the other game does not. This is to encourage player interaction and sharing. But you are not missing out on anything if you get one version and not the other.
Yes, all DS games are also playable on the 3DS.
The story is not wholly dependent upon the story of Black/White version. There are a handful of things that may make more sense, but nothing particularly necessary to enjoying the game.
The 3DS can play DS games with no issue.
We got the black version and no Spanish
Yes
No it will not because of the multiple changes
Please elaborate your question. Matter how so? I've been playing the US versions for over a decade with no problem
Yes
Yes, that what my grandchild has.
No
Yes
Yes. All DLCs are just extra maps and game modes for multiplayer and has no effect on the gameplay itself
It is the actual physical box copy of the game
"Do not buy this. It comes with the World of Warcraft Standard Edition now:World of Warcraft - PC/Mac""Includes Expansion Packs: The Burnings Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King, Cataclysm, and Mists of Pandaria"""
No, only with starter pack
Ofcourse :)
Basically, this just unlocks additional game play for the WoW series, you'll still need the starter pack and pay for gameplay either with a credit card attached to your battle.net account or with game cards purchased at a store. It is $30 every two months for gameplay access (so basically $15 per month to play).
Sorry, I do not ship international.Regards,Kelilarc's Shoppe
Yes, they have it separated by region (US, Euro, Asian/Pacific, etc.) so that people can play w/the same languages and time zones.
It does.  Your character can now reach level 90 and there is leveled equipment, areas, and instances for your level 90 characters to exploit.
You HAVE to have internet.  You can play solo, but other people will be there and, if offline, you cannot play.
The Razer Mamba is a hybrid design wireless mouse where the charging station acts as the receiver for the mouse signal. The USB connection on the charging unit is also the same cable you move to your Mamba to put it in wired mode.
The Mamba works great while hard wired.  I owned a Death Adder prior to the Mamba and performance is identical. The only difference is that the Mamba has two extra buttons and a little more weight.
Yes it does, I actually use this mouse when I play CSGO and it's pretty much the perfect mouse for that game.
Yes, it's the latest product, got mine a few days ago.
It does, But I very strongly recommend against the purchase of this mouse or any Razer product for that matter. The software necessary to use this mouse properly is terrible, constant crashes and extremely slow. The mouse hardware is constrcued quite poorly. It feels cheaply made. After I have owned it for just over a year I have had consistent issues with the device. Razer's support hasn't been any help and frankly neglected my issues with the device.
it is rechargeable.  i don't know for sure how long it lasts because i just plug it in each night.  i use it at my office at work.
The one I had the cord was damaged. I had to  play with the cord
No
No
not sure what you mean but it doesn't have SIXAXIS and the rumble function works nicely also I have made quite a few videos on YouTube with it its the controller I use the most on the ps3 I hope that answered your question
Connect it to both usb ports and then push the ps button in the middle. If that doesn't work then push the other two buttons. If that doesn't work then you have a faulty controller and you should send it back
Not sure, but it broke after a week
you cant do anything about it which sucks i have a problem with the controller not working on my ps3 this controller over all is junk
Its a USB. A good one too.
No it says it specifically on the xbox adapter page on xbox.com that it does not work with the xbox one.
"They never seemed to ""drop the sound"" for me or lose any connectivity, but I've also used a pair of TB's x32's and didn't seem to have that problem either."
Hello! These are wireless.
No memory foam. They work well for my kids but I found that I can ware them for more than 45 minutes or so before they start hurting, where as I can wear my Bose headphones all day. I hope that helps. All and all they are very nice and great sound but it you have more of a round head they don't fit well.
We haven't had any issue. They hear us loud and clear for a foot or so away.
Yes, this headset will support the Xbox One headset adapter. If you are planing to purchase this headset, be sure that you purchase the Xbox One headset adapter. Also, this headset is a high rated one for the Xbox 360 as well.
"***Referring to Tritton ""Triggers"" not Tritton ""Warheads""***Not 100% sure it will work on PC, but it works with smartphones the same way  typical hands free ear buds do. So I'm pretty sure they do. They are not wireless. And the biggest drawback to tho headset is that the cable that connects from the headset itself to the volume controller is only about 2 1/2 feet long, but the cables from the volume controller to the ends where they plug up are about 10 feet long. They hook up via RCA connection and a USB power supply. I do believe there is a wireless version to these that costs a little more.



    ***Referring to Tritton ""Triggers"" not Tritton ""Warheads""***Not 100% sure it will work on PC, but it works with smartphones the same way typical hands free ear buds do. So I'm pretty sure they do. They are not wireless. And the biggest drawback to tho headset is that the cable that connects from the headset itself to the volume controller is only about 2 1/2 feet long, but the cables from the volume controller to the ends where they plug up are about 10 feet long. They hook up via RCA connection and a USB power supply. I do believe there is a wireless version to...
      » 
Read More


   ***Referring to Tritton ""Triggers"" not Tritton ""Warheads""***Not 100% sure it will work on PC, but it works with smartphones the same way  typical hands free ear buds do. So I'm pretty sure they do. They are not wireless. And the biggest drawback to tho headset is that the cable that connects from the headset itself to the volume controller is only about 2 1/2 feet long, but the cables from the volume controller to the ends where they plug up are about 10 feet long. They hook up via RCA connection and a USB power supply. I do believe there is a wireless version to these that costs a little more.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
No just on the X box 360
Im not sure dude I have an Xbox 360.   but if it has the single connection on the controller id imagine so  please don't take my word for it thats just a guess  I hope I helped u out
yes i do
I have no clue. Havent tried it. my son used it for xbox.
Hi, I believe you can. I bought these for my son. he uses it while playing xbox. Since you can watch netflix on the game console I dont see why not.  Sounds pretty clear. Good headsets!
No, 360 only. Go for razer
Yes ,but u need a dss converter. I use it on my xbox 360,xbox one and ps3
No. Don't need anything else.
I believe it will work for up to four, although I've only had two connected personally.
it does but I suggest you download the official microsoft xbox accessories driversyou will need to manually select the driver either way but the official download is more reliable than the ones on the disc
If you're looking for an adapter for your PC that will connect an Xbox One controller to your PC, you may be able to already connect it using a USB adapter made for the controller.I don't know much about the Xbox One controller and its properties but do some research before you start spending your money.
has to be used with pc.
Yes, it works great!
A mouse is fine
There is no printed list on the inside. Only on the back of the box do you see some pictures with no names in 4 of the categories. In hidden games you see 2 names. Many of the games are for children. One thing I did not like in several games I could not get to exit and had to shut down the computer.
I'm not very tech savy, so I don't know if it works on a DVD player.  Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
Yes, but for some games you have to use the compatibility feature. Super easy takes about 3 minutes or less.
Yes.  My computer is very old and no internet and it works well
I don't  know  because  I couldn't  get the game to load on my computer.
The games work just fine on my computer which has Windows 7.
Yes. It plays on my Windows 8.1 64 bit machine.
all these games play off line, no need to be on the 'net.  i can only assume the games will work with Vista Home Premium.  the bit edition makes no difference, as long as other games play on your computer.  hope this answers your questions.  i believe this will be a good group of games for you.
5700 if I remember correctly.
About 5 inches by 3.5 inches it fits very comfortable in the hand because of its unique wave design.
I have not used the raw version but honestly it doesn't look like there is a difference at all other than the aesthetician Diablo 3 logo.  The light also slowly pulses.  And this Diablo 3 version has the rubberised surface not metal.  As for the the latter it uses an optical not laser.
Button list : Left click, Right click, Left side buttons, Right side buttons, Middle click, and Middle button (Middle button makes sensitivity ultra fast)(Both sets of side buttons can be remapped using steel series's software)
Call Amazon if you have had the mouse less than 30 days. If not call steelseries.
It's lightly coated and doesn't feel slippery at all. It grips fairly well. Only thing I've noticed is that after a few weeks of moderate use, the moisture from my hand has started to fade the design colors a little. Mouse is a beast though.
I notice that on a different mouse that has a damaged cord, but not with the Diablo mouse. The issue I am having with this mouse is my computer doesn't always register that the mouse is plugged in.
approx 6 feet.  and very heavy duty braided cable.edit:  according to the ad info Cable: 2m (6.5ft), braided
Yes the cable works with both Rocksmith and Rocksmith 2014, as I have both on my laptops, I use both since some songs can only be played with Rocksmith, so you will not have any issues using the cable for just Rocksmith, enjoy playing..............
I tested it on Garageband, Ableton on windows 7 and it gave me Awesome results. Ubisoft made the best of two worlds. A little latency but nothing serious.
Yes
Yea it should work fine, thats what I use.
"No, it's a standard 6.3mm 1/4"" jack connector which works with all the guitar... It should be fine with yours too!"
It works perfectly fine with garage band
Supply and demand, really... IWD
No, you can't. But you won't be needed it as the game provides you with every effects you need for the songs. Also, you can customize every aspect yourself in the game.
Yes. It works on Windows 8 and 8.1 operating systems - 32 and 64-bit (laptop or desktop).
Yes, it works with Mac.  A few of the extra keys do not work, but the standard keyboard works as any other would.
Eyeballing it, I'd say 6 feet.
it's not sadly. but it is still a great keyboard rest assured. Mechanicals can get a bit complicated if something goes wrong with it
I'm not entirely sure, I have windows 7, try and look to see if there a forum for its compatibility
Yes that is correct. Thanks.
no. it is wire..
It is NOT a mechanical keyboard.  The price is the main giveaway on that.  The keys feel fine though.  I use it more for typing and that works well (I use the Logitech G13 for gaming).  So far so good!
I have no idea. I don't use that crap of an OS
Yes. It has lighted keys with the option to disable the Windows key.  One draw back, it shows the option to control video ( play, stop, etc) using a function key but, has no function key.  Good solid keyboard though.
The other games aren't separate downloads. Just open Traitor Soul, make your character etc.., and then once you start playing you will start out in the Temple of Fate and have the option to go to the town of Grove (Game 1), the outpost of Druantia (Game 2), or the Outpost of Typhon. Unfortunately the Town of Grove isn't exactly like the original Fate (you'll notice the differences in monsters, your pet, merchandise, etc..) which irked me at first, but once you get used to them they're pretty neat.
I haven't found any problems w/ playing this game on Windows 8,  I have been playing for approx. one month.
"Jonathon, if you know right about when it stopped working, I would run a System Restore back to just before that, maybe a couple of days if there's an entry for that time. It will uninstall programs installed since then, and will also uninstall Windows updates, and I'm pretty sure it takes care of Java updates, if you have that installed (most people do). It won't affect your documents or internet favorites or anything like that.   If that doesn't make the game load correctly, I would uninstall and reinstall the game. You can locate your game save folder, and copy the whole thing to your desktop or Documents or whatever. For Windows XP, it's in C:\Documents and Settings\All Users\Application Data\WildTangent\fatethetraitorsoul\Persistent\SAVE, or for Vista and 7: C:\Program Data\WildTangent\fatethetraitorsoul\Persistent\SAVE. These folders will be hidden, so you'll have to set the Explorer window to show hidden and system files. I would just copy the whole SAVE folder, uninstall and reinstall the game, and then start a new game just to make sure the folders get reestablished to start with. Then copy your old SAVE folder onto the new one. I did this moving the game from one computer to another, and it worked fine.



    Jonathon, if you know right about when it stopped working, I would run a System Restore back to just before that, maybe a couple of days if there's an entry for that time. It will uninstall programs installed since then, and will also uninstall Windows updates, and I'm pretty sure it takes care of Java updates, if you have that installed (most people do). It won't affect your documents or internet favorites or anything like that. If that doesn't make the game load correctly, I would uninstall and reinstall the game. You can locate your game save folder, and copy the whole thing to...
      » 
Read More


   Jonathon, if you know right about when it stopped working, I would run a System Restore back to just before that, maybe a couple of days if there's an entry for that time. It will uninstall programs installed since then, and will also uninstall Windows updates, and I'm pretty sure it takes care of Java updates, if you have that installed (most people do). It won't affect your documents or internet favorites or anything like that.   If that doesn't make the game load correctly, I would uninstall and reinstall the game. You can locate your game save folder, and copy the whole thing to your desktop or Documents or whatever. For Windows XP, it's in C:\Documents and Settings\All Users\Application Data\WildTangent\fatethetraitorsoul\Persistent\SAVE, or for Vista and 7: C:\Program Data\WildTangent\fatethetraitorsoul\Persistent\SAVE. These folders will be hidden, so you'll have to set the Explorer window to show hidden and system files. I would just copy the whole SAVE folder, uninstall and reinstall the game, and then start a new game just to make sure the folders get reestablished to start with. Then copy your old SAVE folder onto the new one. I did this moving the game from one computer to another, and it worked fine.
      « 

Show Less"
This particular one is for PC only. It has to specify for Xbox 360. Hope this helps!
No, thankfully this game was made by people who understand how to distribute games.It comes as a CD but it will install #3 and you will have to choose to play in the #1 or #2 story lines.
Yes. You can install it on as many computers as you want. :)These people actually know how to make a game that's nice to the user.
I play sole all the time.  Once installed I don't even need an internet connection or the distribution disk loaded to run the game.
Yes.
Yes it does!
Plugs straight
It fits on the latest xboxes that have the compartment door for HD hope this helps
It fit in my Xbox 360 slim. I don't know which others it's compatible with.
No it is not compatible with the 1st model xbox 360s not does the xbox 360 elite. Because the hard drive for that console attaches to the top and doesn't have an internal hard drive slot. But the 2nd and 3rd model 360s do because they have internal hard drive slots.
Yes.  Ogre is playable when you start the game.
Yes, it comes with it.
Yes actually. It still has plenty of modes for offline gaming such as ghost battles (which is the one you will play the most to unlock clothing) it offers the same amount of offline game modes as tekken 6. There is also a tutorial mode thay will teach you certain tricks for the whole tag system which is the one youll want to first jump to.
Yes it does it work really good with ps3 I love it
Hello Bat, Could you please clarify what you mean by external sound? I would be glad to answer you question as soon as you do that favor.
Both products process Dolby Digital 5.1/7.1 surround-sound audio through a digital optical connection. The original DSS has variable bass boost. The DSS2 replaces the variable bass boost with a fixed (on/off) bass boost, adjustable surround-sound angle presets, and includes an auxiliary analog audio input in additional to the main analog audio input.
Your headset would need to be compatible with surround sound. And its simulated surround not true. I'm not familiar with the stealth but if it came as a stereo then this will not help you.
You will get the sorround effect but it will be much less effective because you will listen to both speakers in both ears. This mix may fool your perception of the sound position intended from the game. For a stereo speaker set up I would not recommend it.
Yes. It will work with any device that has digital optical output.
You can connect the audio output on this unit to the input of the unit for the wireless headphones and it does work. I used x32's in this fashion and it works perfectly.
I doubt it... This is designed for a headset, not a soundbar.
No they have 3.5 headjack plus they suck anyways and uncomfortable
It's more for tablet or ipod, it has a 3.5mm jack, it will work with an xbox 360 if you get an adapter
No
The headphones come with an adapter that splits into 2 jacks. One for recieving audio& another for the microphone
It's always blue.
I bought this for my son and just asked him, but he only has windows 7 so he doesn't know. I do know he loves this mouse because he has the same one for more than 4 years and still loves it. I bought him the new one to keep when that one dies.  Sorry I couldn't answer your question.
Yes it does and quite well.
yes the cable work with out the battery, plus it keeps your controller on with the charging cable pluged in the controller. but it wont carge your controller on it own with out charging battery that is attached to the controller, it would need a charging battery that can be charged to keep the controller on and active.
My son tried this. It does not work. There may be some usb drivers available that would make it work but we have never looked.
I could never get it to work on my PC except for charging.  I ended up buying an xbox 360 wireless usb receiver for it instead.
No
includes both; a 256 ssd and a 750 hdd
Windows 7 requires more than 8GB to be stored.  In that configuration the OS would be put on the 1TB hard drive.  Are you absolutely certain you are buying an 8GB solid state and not a 128GB solid state?  8GB does not hold a lot of data in 2014.  If you are indeed purchasing a 128GB solid state then the OS would be loaded on the SSD for performance reasons.  That would give you approximately 100GB of usable space for critical applications/games as best practice is keeping your SSD at a minimum of 20% free.
The Walking Dead requires an internet connection to download both the game itself and a game distribution program called Steam. A constant internet connection is not required to play.
Just the first season....  you can find the 2nd season on here...  believe me,  its worth it...  incredible!
Once you get your game code you need to create a steam account. Go to https://store.steampowered.com to create your account then go to activate a product on steam and input the code and you should be all set!
AFAIK it is compatible with WIN8 and yes it has all 5 episodes of season 1. There is an other 400days episode which is not included in this package but that's not part of season 1 so it is reasonable. (400days is a standalone dlc afaik)
Yes. It also depends on how you go about the missions
You can play Stealth or go in guns a blazing throughout most of the game, but there are a few stages that must be performed in the stealth mode, just a few. (I love the guns a blazing)
No
Not really no, deus ex is a first person role playing game while splinter cell blacklist is an action adventure stealth game. But there are first person shooter type elements in the game with a certain character that you play with in certain missions.
From what I've seen it doesn't have Spanish subtitles. Perhaps in a future update Spanish subtitles will be provided in the game. Your best bet is to enable Spanish from the PS3 crossbar menu.
Yes it will.
Yes it will work. That's what kind my Husband has and it works perfectly :-)
Yes. It is 3D. But this is a classic side-scroller, so the 3D doesn't make much of an impact. Still plenty of fun though. One of my kid's favorites.
The Most Newest Game with Mario for 3DS is Yoshi's New Island-based on the Super Nintendo Game Yoshi's Island.
No
Yes
The game I bought didn't work in my console (2DS). I bought that one in Spain, I think it shouldn't be an American Console
Make sure you have media player enabled under windows programs.
No it cannot work with windows 8.1 definately not.
I presume you mean play it without internet connectivity. The answer is yes, but obviously online features are not available
Yes. Just watch for disclaimers stating otherwise. All that aside, you buy new, it comes with one. Happy spending!
You can turn off the WiFi connectivity if that's what you mean. There's a button on the side.
yes there is
Yes you can. Although you cannot play GBA games, and so with DS games that sometimes have the feature to connect to a GBA game and get goodies, like Harvest Moon DS or Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow, you won't be able to do so. Otherwise, you can play the games just fine.
The U.S
Yes
none. its the system only.
Yes. I bought it for my son and he uses it on the Wii.
The package was not sealed but everything was included, code, etc.
Yes but not by design.  Different consoles and tv's provide varying resolutions of the game graphics. The character will be the same on any console. However how clear the detail is and the colors will differ. Even on two consoles of the same kind. (Because tv is different)
It's a universal figure
I'm sorry, i'm not even sure what they are.  My grandson requested it for an Easter present.
I got the mad catz and to this day I regret it. Never was able to get the drivers working even after 2 hours on the phone with their customer service. Yes it's backlit, and I honestly can't recall if you can change the colors.
Yes but you will void the warranty.
Yes Bruce. This was a big concern of mine as well.  I am stationed overseas and was worried I would have to use a transformer.  It supports 100-240V.
Im sorry I no longer own the keyboard. I sold it because it we terrible!
"I don't know about rollover, but this is a membrane keyboard: ""Replete with a specially engineered membrane which mimics the tactile feel generated by the mechanical keys often preferred by gamers - - without the resultant excessive noise."" I'd assume (if this statement is correct) that it mimics cherry mx brown switches, except for a lower activation point."
It is a great looking keyboard, for sure, and might even have worked...that is, if I could have ever have gotten it to work with Windows 8.1  I was forced to return it because there were problems with the Windows 8.1 drivers...they may be fixed now, but I doubt it based on everything I could discover on the web about the keyboard. It was a few months ago, so you might give it a try but just wanted to let you know the problems I had with it.
There are three buttons on the LCD touch screen. These buttons are basically different modes where you can have totally different key bindings and backlight coloring/brightness. I do not think (but I haven't tried, so I'm not totally sure) that you can change the color of the lighting without accessing the touch screen (i.e. automatically).That being said: I've been using a standard $20 keyboard for gaming for 5 years, and I love this gaming keyboard. If you have any other questions, please feel free to ask.
ANSI
I am sorry. This was a gift for a friend of a friend overseas
It doesn't need Batteries.. is not wireless uses a USB cable
Never used it and the button was firm enough that I never accidentally activated it.
Try RMA through MadCatz, but they are very strict on their warranty/support. Don't be surprised if you get turned away (I did).
There is a software disk that comes with this mouse.  In that software is where you can bind the thumb wheel to a key.  The software only works with Apple and Microsoft op systems.
I don't think so.  The software that comes with it is for Apple and Windows PC.  If you are going to use just the normal mouse buttons and not the software to customize the functions then I would think that you would be OK too.
Yep.
it comes with 3 different palm pads, 3 pinky rests/pads, 6 weights, and the allen-key to change it all out.
"Exactly 72"" from exiting the mouse to where it enters the USB connector.Also, I can't in good conscience leave out the fact that these have terrible reliability though. Look up Mad Cats mouse hyper click issues and scroll issues. Their customer support is good though. If you do buy this mouse, keep every available proof of purchase you can for the entirety of its warranty. You'll need it in three months after purchasing..."
You have to have the game specific to your system, but the figures, adventure packs and battle packs will work on any game system.
I believe it's not system specific. As long as you have a portal and skylanders giants it should be fine. My son uses it on Wii.
Yes. As long as your playing skylanders giants. These will work with skylanders giants on any system.
Yes-you need the Skylanders portal and game and system such as Wii, Playstation or Xbox.  Make sure you know if Skylanders Giants or Trapteam or Swap Force is actual game he has, as figures only work on certain games.   Hope this helps.
The figure was a gift for my grandson and I know absolutely nothing about the characters or games.  I'm sorry I can't answer your question. You might Google the question to see if it will work.  Thanks.
Yes they do!  As they come out with new game the old skylanders still work even with the new game.  The new one just don't work with the old games.  Example you can't use a swapforce with the giants game but you can use and skylander on the swapforce game.  Hope that helps.
I'm really not sure ,sorry I can't help .
No, only for WII U
16ft
We don't have dance party, but on the other wii u sing party, it was just a plug and play and the mic worked great!
It's actually a USB plug. XLR would be nice, though.
I don't think so, this microphone was made for the wii u. I don't have a regular wii but u can check to see if the wii has a port u can plug in before u purchase.
No.  Just Dance is not a singing game.  Players just try to match the dance moves of the on screen dancers.  The microphones work with The Voice.  Up to 7 players can play at once.  Even though the game comes with one microphone, you can add more.
Yes it does work on Windows 8.1. It does not come with a CD. You have to download an N64 emulator of your choice and then plug in your controller. Once the controller is plugged in and windows recognizes the controller, you can go into your key configurations under the settings in the emulator and edit the keys yourself. Some emulators do require you to manually enter each key one at a time. The product works amazingly. Bought 4 myself and have it all running on my PC.
No it does not. It feels lighter than the Nintendo 64 controller as well. Basically it is the Nintendo 64 controller shell and a circuitboard in the middle. I bought both the grey and black. Great purchase in my opinion.
Yes, though it really depends on what emulator you use. I use project 64 and it goes up to four. What emulator do you use?
mine never worked, its such a bad quality controller
As long as you have a USB 2.0 and you should be fine. Just when you go into the key bindings hit the button on the controller, I found it was as simple as that.
What emulator are you using? Did you put the mini DVD in your computer.
Sure, all joysticks can be used as mouse device on Windows platform, this can be made with third-party software such as JoyToKey of Joystick-To-Mouse. Enjoy!
Many reasons. If you're using an emulator you need to program your buttons. Are you using an emulator? Go to the controller plugin option. Under the menus and try to program.
I have no idea...The one sent to me is in German...
To download the game on your computer you need to download origin (kinda like steam) and then create an account that you can link to the games by using the activation code. From then on, anybody with your origin account on their computer can download any games from your library.
Work fine on mine though you can't ult tab or minimize or you won't be able to open it back up.
Yes sir it is.
Yes it does, it works on all windows os's from 95 and up. Hope you buy it you'll love it.
No it's Windows only and requires the software from origin.com, runs in a boot camp partition though!
No, it's a psp 3000.
Yes, I can still play english games on this handheld. Only thing i noticed that was different was the controls on the main menu are different ( like to enter the game). Awesome looking system though. Would recommend getting a clear case to protect the system.
No. System and game are Japanese. System can be set to English, game cannot.
Sorry,this game is Japanese version.
I typically purchase the disc version over the download version for this very reason.  I install it, and then pass it on to my brother and sister who who it for both of their families.  Since it has 5 federal e-files included, we all e-file at no cost (and still have 2 e-files remaining that go unused).  When you pass on the disc you will need to also provide them the Key Code that came in the box as this is what is used to determine how many e-files you have lest.  We have been doing this for the past 3 or 4 years.
Yes, it does.
Has 5 free Federal, no free State files. Can print and mail as many as you like. Russ O.
Yes, you can.  See http://www.officedepot.com/a/products/100753/H-R-Block-At-Home-2012/ (only one of several ads and reviews that specifically state this).
$19.95 for each state e-file. No filing fee if you print it out and mail it.
Yes, Roth conversions are definitely supported at the form level.  I started using Block 2012 as soon as the first download was available.   A big reason was to estimate how much to convert this year.  I don't recall that Roth conversion was in the original interview, but I'll check.  Also, I bet that the forms are available in Turbo Tax too.Update, conversion is there in the interview too.
According to the box, yes it will.
"First, I received an e-mail from H&Block; that said the IRS received my return. A little while later I received this one saying... ""Congratulations! The IRS has accepted your federal return."""
Their brightness can be adjusted, so they can be, but if you don't like them to be that harsh, they can be adjusted to be dimmer.  Hope this helps!
A fascinating entry. It made me think of media as what must be short for the term 'mediator' which has no context in today's meaning.
yes, return it
"The k70 is a great buy for most all. The build quality of both the TK and the K70 are pretty close but K70 takes the pot. Your options on the k70 are huge brown, blue, and red switches coming in with either black aluminum or silver; n-key roll over easy-Access Dedicated Multimedia Controls etc. The K70 is sleek and professional looking to the point you can take it to work and use it there. Now, the CM Storm QuickFire TK is minimalistic you get what you get and thats it. Not talking down on the product, the product is great. When put side by side with the K70 though, the K70 is the clear choice. For all the options and great features its hard to go wrong with K70. Plus,(depending on what key switch you're getting) you're not spending that much more, but in the end you know where that little extra is going. To answer your Question: K70 is your choice.



    The k70 is a great buy for most all. The build quality of both the TK and the K70 are pretty close but K70 takes the pot. Your options on the k70 are huge brown, blue, and red switches coming in with either black aluminum or silver; n-key roll over easy-Access Dedicated Multimedia Controls etc. The K70 is sleek and professional looking to the point you can take it to work and use it there. Now, the CM Storm QuickFire TK is minimalistic you get what you get and thats it. Not talking down on the product, the product is great. When put side by side with the K70 though, the K70 is the clear...
      » 
Read More


   The k70 is a great buy for most all. The build quality of both the TK and the K70 are pretty close but K70 takes the pot. Your options on the k70 are huge brown, blue, and red switches coming in with either black aluminum or silver; n-key roll over easy-Access Dedicated Multimedia Controls etc. The K70 is sleek and professional looking to the point you can take it to work and use it there. Now, the CM Storm QuickFire TK is minimalistic you get what you get and thats it. Not talking down on the product, the product is great. When put side by side with the K70 though, the K70 is the clear choice. For all the options and great features its hard to go wrong with K70. Plus,(depending on what key switch you're getting) you're not spending that much more, but in the end you know where that little extra is going. To answer your Question: K70 is your choice.
      « 

Show Less"
No
"The latter, it sends the ""0"" digit twice. Not sure how useful this is for you but I rarely use it."
Yes
No. Even though it supports it you can play it with just a regular controller.
Yes it does
It is a physical copy with a disk coming in it (a code is also included at the back cover of the game cover, although I'm not sure whether it has expired yet).
Yes it will.
Hello konnichiwa!This is first print version!I can not sent picture. Because Stock is located in the Amazon warehouse.
Not really. It's the Chinese version but the Chinese version is completely in English. So basically this is just the disc version of what's on the Playstation store.
I think the menu's are in english as well.  I can't read kanji so otherwise I wouldnt have known where to start the game if it was in kanji
Yellow best, amigo.
it does have DLC but only if you have a Japanese PSN account.
Yes I am I haven't been able to fix the problem either
yes it is true there is a lag. now whether it is the lag natural concurring with wireless and the amount of stuff a company has to put into that small space that cutting corners happens, or occurring because of the device mechanics itself i wasted no time in selling my controller. please note i  gave a honest and clean review and Datel refused to post it and blankly told me neither to speak of their products. one may suggest honesty is not their policy.  you can clean it with 91% or higher rubbing alcohol and a q-tip. or walk away.
No, the USB port is just to program the controller using a PC.
Yes, the version I purchased has both( Slim). I had some little difficulty setting up the wireless network( It isn't that hard, I just didn't know what I was doing). I also established a Bluetooth connection with a Bluetooth keyboard( It was relatively easy.)------ FYI, not backwards compatible with Ps2 games :(
Not sure...im overseas, so havent used it for that purpose yet.  Instruction book says yes to your question.
Yes...everthing you expect in ps3 and i love it
I'm not certain. You should call a support line Sony may have or a customer service number they may have.
Slimmer, Lighter and a Slide To the side of the Slot where the CD Goes.
Ram is the processor of the hard drive. The hard drive is the storage of everything of yours. Ram has no storage. When you turn your device on the ram starts up then starts goes to the hard drive and it starts up. Ram runs the hard drive.
Sorry, I purchased this for my daughter and not sure what works with it.  I hope someone else knows. Sweetpea
I think so you will need a different control for the game cube
Yes
The only updated item is that you get the newer Wii Remote Plus controllers.These controllers are so much more comfortable to hold when playing games.You get only one Wii Remote Plus & one Nunchuck.
Well, we have 110 and you have 240, I think the unit will use the electricity it needs, so that won't matter.  I am not an electrician or anything, but pretty sure that makes no difference at all. J
There is no game cube ports included on this unit, because this item is the newest version.
"You get what you need for two people to play except the game disk - that you have to purchase extra!  Found that out the hard way. Console is great, works good - you either have to pay and download the apps or purchase the game disk separately. I'm not sure what ""gamecube"" is - sorry. You do get one controller and one that attaches to the controller - it's enough for two people.  If you have more wanting to play you will have to purchase an additional controller!"
This is the full game,  a demo is available at their website WWW. Eurotrucksimulator. Com
Not in the standard game. It does cover pretty much all of the Isle of Britain. Wish it did include Ireland and I really don't know why they left that out since you have the option of taking the chunnel or a ferry ride to the UK to deliver loads from mainland Europe. I know there is one expansion but I think that adds in some cities/countries in eastern Europe. Shame really that Ireland is not in the game. Course, it is possible that game mods may exist that add it.
No it's PC download so you pay then download however it's a wate of time and money I downloaded it and it did not work and I have a powerful. Computer I don't recommend this product
Is better if u buy  in staem buy it in www.staem.com
Yep, it has no problems with windows 8/8.1
Absolutely, I run it just fine on Win 7.
yes, this works very well with windows 8
Yes
no, they pulled the plug on everything.
Go to ur settings it should let u cuz I have full control is it not letting u run to catch the ball ? Are throw?
Yes it should Xbox should be a universal thing.
We have win7 and the game never did work.  Tried to get tech help from the makers online but that didn't work so called the long distance number and was on hold for about an hour and had to hang up.  Very disappointed !!  The game was supposed to have been a birthday present.
Yes the DLC are free this is the last Cod that have new maps  with the patchs.
Yes it does work. If it is extremely laggy(which it shouldn't be) then you have to enable compatibility but you should be good.
As far as I know it does not
No, this will not work with steam.
Nope.
Yes...
Zombies is part of the free downloadable patch
It is automatically updated. Since it uses Steam.
The default setting of it will change the sensor DPI based on settings in the control panel for the mouse.  They can range from 250-2500 and you can have 3 preset ranges to cycle through.  In addition if you don't want/need the settings changed it can be reassigned for other functions also in the control panel along with being disabled if not needed at all.
About 6 feet
yes, very easily too
Yes. It will work on Mac. However some users have reported some issues with Macs, though it should at least be usable.
Yes it is.
I just tried it on a glass jar  since I couldn't find anything else. it senses it. I tried it on a fake/plastic glass picture frame it worked fine. these are one if the few mouses I have found that doesn't even have a lazer light shooting out of it.  which I thought it did. or it looks like its suppose to. ik forsure the laser ones work work on class or the wood that's been painted over. and I love this mouse.
It can be used to play on a PC but it does need special software.  Try this address for software- http://forums.pcsx2.net/Thread-DS4-To-XInput-Wrapper
This can now be used wirelessly as of today! http://www.ign.com/articles/2014/07/02/ps4-controllers-now-work-wirelessly-with-ps3-consoles
If you do mean the ps3, then no the new design is the micro USB the old one was mini USB.
Yes, but you need to find another driver to completely support this controller on PC.
I believe the answer to that is to save on cost, and the fact that the PS4 and almost every other device nowadays comes with a USB cord. Personally, I just use my cell phone charger if I'm not using the usb cord that came with the PS4.
No, and yes. But only on the ps4. Dualshock 3 only works on the ps3, and the dualshock 4 only works on the ps4.
I know what you mean with the DS3, that was so annoying. On the ps4 they did a great job fixing that. I've played for hours some days and the thumb sticks stay durable and also they are a lot more comfortable than the ps3. The whole remote is a step up.
"Wait it does? So unlike the PS3 controller (which will ONLY charge from a charging dock or the console itself or a laptop left on 24/7), when my controller's running low I can plug it into my Belkin SurgePlus 3-Outlet Mini Travel Swivel Charger Surge Protector with Dual USB Ports (2.1 AMP / 10 Watt) WHILE I play with the supplied charge cable (that came with the console)?   :DEDIT: June 10th 2014:  Well after getting the console, I can confirm that the controller WILL charge from a wall charger, however it HAS to be a 1 amp plug. That belkin one I listed above it 2.1 amp and it will NOT work on that or the other 3 2.1 amp wall chargers I have, and it will NOT work on the like 4 .5 amp chargers I have either. It will however work on my new phone and new portable Bluetooth speaker's wall chargers, which are both 1 Amp. I guess something in the controller won't kick in to charge unless it's receiving exactly 1 Amp.Of course needing to charge one from a wall socket near you while playing becomes a moot point once you get a charging stand and a 2nd controller to swap to.



    Wait it does? So unlike the PS3 controller (which will ONLY charge from a charging dock or the console itself or a laptop left on 24/7), when my controller's running low I can plug it into my Belkin SurgePlus 3-Outlet Mini Travel Swivel Charger Surge Protector with Dual USB Ports (2.1 AMP / 10 Watt) WHILE I play with the supplied charge cable (that came with the console)? :DEDIT: June 10th 2014: Well after getting the console, I can confirm that the controller WILL charge from a wall charger, however it HAS to be a 1 amp...
      » 
Read More


   Wait it does? So unlike the PS3 controller (which will ONLY charge from a charging dock or the console itself or a laptop left on 24/7), when my controller's running low I can plug it into my Belkin SurgePlus 3-Outlet Mini Travel Swivel Charger Surge Protector with Dual USB Ports (2.1 AMP / 10 Watt) WHILE I play with the supplied charge cable (that came with the console)?   :DEDIT: June 10th 2014:  Well after getting the console, I can confirm that the controller WILL charge from a wall charger, however it HAS to be a 1 amp plug. That belkin one I listed above it 2.1 amp and it will NOT work on that or the other 3 2.1 amp wall chargers I have, and it will NOT work on the like 4 .5 amp chargers I have either. It will however work on my new phone and new portable Bluetooth speaker's wall chargers, which are both 1 Amp. I guess something in the controller won't kick in to charge unless it's receiving exactly 1 Amp.Of course needing to charge one from a wall socket near you while playing becomes a moot point once you get a charging stand and a 2nd controller to swap to.
      « 

Show Less"
By default the spoken language is English but you can change it to Spanish, French, or Portuguese on the options .
The game is in multi language subtitles also you can read it and hear it while the character speak I use most Spanish
You can play with other players online. But it's mostly for one player.
Yeah. If you don't have online or internet connection you can still play the story mode
I do not know, bought for someone else
I dont think so since this game have violence (guns, swords) and you have/can to murder people...I will not considered for a 12 years old kid.
My son says the later games are less repetitious and more fleshed out. Hope that helps.
I too have a suoer slim 500 gb. Playstation 3. I rarely encountered any framerate issues. a couple of times when things got really crazy but not enough to take away from the fun I had playing the game.
....
Nope but some faction in greek culture can be playable
Look into piratebay or isohunt also because the game is newer you might have to wait for the patch to come out on pc rather than steam
It says that its not on steam, but isn't that the mode where you are rome in three different areas?
Steam activation codes and physical copies are two different things so if you want a steam code you should buy one that specifically states that.  Thank you for your inquire.
Probably not, Mac is a kinda odd is for pc games, and this says pc on the case, not Mac
well if u want to waste ur money, it might but, my it guy that does repair said that this program is a pc killr of drive space
I don't really know.  I have never tried it on my PC.
If you're playing a charge character or shoto, xbox control is better, if you're playing a hybrid/rush then the PS3 control is slightly better. The difference in quality for fighting games isn't huge. (Unlike the 360 one which I feel is worthless for fighting games).
I don't know but the listing is just for an XBOX One wireless controller no plug and charge kit.
I think the cable is 9 feet
No
No
You don't have to buy batteries for the controller, it's really convinient to have this and charge the controller during downtime.
No
Yes, it has the conquerors expansion
Yes this has the campaign mode
There is a setting on Steam, that allows you to play offline. I think if you choose the game and Polk around on Steam's settings you can find it, plus Steam has that question and answer on their website.
No, it only works on 1
Most computers will automatically set it for the best option.  But you can always go in and manually do it.  Mine usually sets it down one setting from the highest resolution setting.
You should be able to connect, Ive played online and I doubt everyone one the people have the HD version
Yes
No, this is for Windows. Although I am running Windows on my Mac through Parallels
If u uninstall steam, u won't be able to play it...the game runs via steam site
"Play Station has stopped supporting the on line races that they used to provide every month in GT5.  I would buy a used GT6 game if you like the time trials.  GT6 did not provide any extra races on the online part like GT5 did other than stupid time trials.  I thought it was easier to tune your cars in GT5 and had over 700 cars that I owned.  GT6 is harder to earn lots of money and there isn't many cars that you can win.  (maybe 20) I haven't played it in several months as I got bored with it, something that didn't happen with GT5.  If you have a large garage full of cars with GT5 then it would be good to own it again if you can buy it at a decent price.  The racing dynamics are not noticeably better with GT6 and some think it is actually worse than GT5.  I know Sony is still tweaking it to make it better like they did with GT5.  It might be worth while to get it if you can buy it cheap. Certainly not $50 like I paid for it when it came out.  Maybe 25 to 30 dollars would be reasonable.  Hope this helped you.



    Play Station has stopped supporting the on line races that they used to provide every month in GT5. I would buy a used GT6 game if you like the time trials. GT6 did not provide any extra races on the online part like GT5 did other than stupid time trials. I thought it was easier to tune your cars in GT5 and had over 700 cars that I owned. GT6 is harder to earn lots of money and there isn't many cars that you can win. (maybe 20) I haven't played it in several months as I got bored with it, something that didn't happen with GT5. If you have a large garage full of cars with GT5 then it would...
      » 
Read More


   Play Station has stopped supporting the on line races that they used to provide every month in GT5.  I would buy a used GT6 game if you like the time trials.  GT6 did not provide any extra races on the online part like GT5 did other than stupid time trials.  I thought it was easier to tune your cars in GT5 and had over 700 cars that I owned.  GT6 is harder to earn lots of money and there isn't many cars that you can win.  (maybe 20) I haven't played it in several months as I got bored with it, something that didn't happen with GT5.  If you have a large garage full of cars with GT5 then it would be good to own it again if you can buy it at a decent price.  The racing dynamics are not noticeably better with GT6 and some think it is actually worse than GT5.  I know Sony is still tweaking it to make it better like they did with GT5.  It might be worth while to get it if you can buy it cheap. Certainly not $50 like I paid for it when it came out.  Maybe 25 to 30 dollars would be reasonable.  Hope this helped you.
      « 

Show Less"
Well it's more of the same. Same format, but better cars graphics! And Yes it's better!
This particular one is NTSC. Most, if not all U.S releases use NTSC. Here is a link to a handy list http://shop.sandbag.uk.com/OneGiantLeap/PALNTSCInfo.html
Yes
No
yes, they are independent games
Yes
Here are the supported racing wheels for this game:THRUSTMASTER® T500 RSTHRUSTMASTER® T300 RSDriving Force™ GTG27 Racing WheelG25 Racing WheelDriving Force™ ProGT FORCE®Driving Force™Driving Force™ EX
You can not transfer your cars from GT5 to GT6.  The physics between the two games is different making it implausible to transfer your cars.  They would not work correctly.
No. This game is the worst. I can't do anything with it.
Yes. It has an option for Portugese audio. Being Brazil dominates most classes in mma it would be very disappointing if it didn't.
check your email that you gave amazon. I just got mine earlier.
Yes
Yes u have to buy him in the dlc
Yes it does
Comes with the Baby Behemoth minion, Coeurl mount, Helm of Light, and Behemoth Barding, as well as a Moogle Minion and a Fat Chocobo mount which were recently released. You'll get in game mail, which you have to pick up at a mail moogle that has each item attached.
Collectors edition give you 2 mounts and 2 pets, in any game it will cost more than that. Helm exp can be use in any job multiple times but it's only provide extra exp till u get to lvl 11 then you won't get any extra exp. I didn't regret buying the collector edition :)
The CE comes with a copy of the game and the benefits. You donr have to buy the game and the CE to get the benefits.      Hope this helps.
Your character will be on both. It's tied to an account not PC/ps4
Well yeah it have its own many story line. A lots of sidequest. Best of all. It will never be pay to win. Got to put some effort to get the best things.
If you buy for ps3 you have a suscription for 30 day, for PC don't have free suscription
You can
No it wouldn't work as they have regional restrictions
You can play up to 8 I'm pretty sure, however, playing more than two people is difficult and annoying because one player for each team is usually optimal.
Only English French and Spanish
Yesss!!!!!
Buy it here it is in Italian or Atleast Spanish.
I believe it does.
That is the worst soccer game. many functionality was removed in this version....I suggest, donot buy this game....If you want I sell you mine.
I was very sad to hear bout this game not having split screen because I wanted to play this game at my friend's house.
No, I rented it through GameFly and there was no code. Just pop the disc in and play :)
Yes it is.
Do you mean the controller? No it is not controlled by the motion of your hands, and I could not find a setting for it. Controls are easy to use with the analog joystick/moveable pad on the controller yes.
yes there is a port mic jack on it so you can listen to music while you game. There is also Bluetooth if you wanted to use that to listen to music through your phone.
Not sure about PS4, everything needed was included for my XBox 360.
Check your headset controls.  Update console AND the headset by going to Turtle Beach website.
yes comes with alll the leads ect all id advise is to buy a better optical cable as the 1 it comes with is really flimsy :)
Yes with a blue tooth adapter
Yes, it does
Yes it does if your PC's sound card has a digital output (toslink/optical) a line out analog output (RCA).
They are actually pretty similar. The Phantom is newer and should have slightly better specifications, like the processor is much faster, but you are unlikely to notice too much difference. It may come down to which color scheme you prefer. They are both compatible with an Xbox One if you get an adapter, and with the PS4, but you need to purchase a talkback cable for the Tango while that cable comes with the Phantom. That is $17 you don't need to spend if you get the Phantom.
Mine did, factory sealed
Diane, you would also need to purchase an Xbox One Headset Adapter made by Microsoft to use this with an Xbox One. With the adapter it willwork perfectly with the Xbox One.
No only for updates but not for playing watching movies listing to music you download from a music
Unfortunately there is no Blu-ray drive present with the console, so you will not be able to play Blu-ray movies with this particular console.
I would have to a yes maybe since it's also a xbox 360 but do I know for sure no so for now buy it and try it if it's work then it's a yes if not sorry
No- that what I do. I don't pay anything
You should be able to play games without internet, simply playing discs you've purchased. But you'd miss out on any updates your system may need.
"No, it does not... it's the first that I've ever experienced a game like this - everything you do is online/multiplayer; however, there are the following features that give you the 'single player' experience.  1) Small Squads - the online players make up about 10 of the soldiers that are fighting on the field; there are dozens of 'grunts' and 'spectres' which are part of the program (much easier to kill like in traditional single player modes).  They balance it out with the 'live players' so it's a good mix.  2) There is a traditional 'campaign' mode that you can play from start to finish, but again, it's always online and there's always 'live' players mixed in with the computer enemies.  3) The developer rolled out their new enhanced 'match making' algorithm which takes the learning curve frustrations out of the way, i.e. as you get better, they match you with better players and visa versa.There's a 'training' section but that's super basic stuff.The game is just awesome... your pilots are outfitted with special jump kits so, in addition to walking, running, sprinting, etc. you can jump and get these little jet powered boosts... and there's the ability to perform special wall running/jumping moves that changes the shooter landscape completely.. Hope that helps...



    No, it does not... it's the first that I've ever experienced a game like this - everything you do is online/multiplayer; however, there are the following features that give you the 'single player' experience. 1) Small Squads - the online players make up about 10 of the soldiers that are fighting on the field; there are dozens of 'grunts' and 'spectres' which are part of the program (much easier to kill like in traditional single player modes). They balance it out with the 'live players' so it's a good mix. 2) There is a traditional 'campaign' mode that you can play from start to finish, but...
      » 
Read More


   No, it does not... it's the first that I've ever experienced a game like this - everything you do is online/multiplayer; however, there are the following features that give you the 'single player' experience.  1) Small Squads - the online players make up about 10 of the soldiers that are fighting on the field; there are dozens of 'grunts' and 'spectres' which are part of the program (much easier to kill like in traditional single player modes).  They balance it out with the 'live players' so it's a good mix.  2) There is a traditional 'campaign' mode that you can play from start to finish, but again, it's always online and there's always 'live' players mixed in with the computer enemies.  3) The developer rolled out their new enhanced 'match making' algorithm which takes the learning curve frustrations out of the way, i.e. as you get better, they match you with better players and visa versa.There's a 'training' section but that's super basic stuff.The game is just awesome... your pilots are outfitted with special jump kits so, in addition to walking, running, sprinting, etc. you can jump and get these little jet powered boosts... and there's the ability to perform special wall running/jumping moves that changes the shooter landscape completely.. Hope that helps...
      « 

Show Less"
"From my Amazon posted review of Titanfall...This game was a huge disappointment ...and I love big robots. First off there is no campaign, they say there's a campaign buts it's just the multiplayer game with a 30 second cinema lead-in that attempts to give a back story. There is no story to draw the player in to make a connection with. Load times on the game are ridiculous, team balancing is non-existent. Since the game is nothing but multiplayer if your internet goes down (like mine did one weekend) you've got nothing. The updates that come out looks like they are trying to finish the product after it's release. The game play is good but it's not $60 good.



    From my Amazon posted review of Titanfall...This game was a huge disappointment ...and I love big robots. First off there is no campaign, they say there's a campaign buts it's just the multiplayer game with a 30 second cinema lead-in that attempts to give a back story. There is no story to draw the player in to make a connection with. Load times on the game are ridiculous, team balancing is non-existent. Since the game is nothing but multiplayer if your internet goes down (like mine did one weekend) you've got nothing. The updates that come out looks like they are trying to finish the...
      » 
Read More


   From my Amazon posted review of Titanfall...This game was a huge disappointment ...and I love big robots. First off there is no campaign, they say there's a campaign buts it's just the multiplayer game with a 30 second cinema lead-in that attempts to give a back story. There is no story to draw the player in to make a connection with. Load times on the game are ridiculous, team balancing is non-existent. Since the game is nothing but multiplayer if your internet goes down (like mine did one weekend) you've got nothing. The updates that come out looks like they are trying to finish the product after it's release. The game play is good but it's not $60 good.
      « 

Show Less"
Sorry, no splitscreen.
Barely any people play at all now
No, you definitely do not need either. You will need a headset if you want to talk to other players online. What you do need is a subscription to Xbox Live Gold because this game is 100% online.
No ranked matches are available at this time. However, there are updates made to the game all the time (they just recently added private matches) and I expect that to be a gamerype added at a future time.
I'm 18, and I've been playing this game for a while now. In my opinion it does not have really graphic content or strong obscene language, just a fun sci-if game.
This game does not offer co-op of any kind. You can only play on Xbox Live together from different consoles.
Most definitely !!!
It's a subjective matter - you either love it or hate it; only you can figure that out for yourself. Listen to some tracks on YouTube to get an idea. Compared to the SNES Yoshi's Island, however, most, if not everyone, would agree the music is absolutely inferior in every way. There are very few tracks I find to be pretty good; most, again, in my opinion, are just as bland and lifeless as the game itself.
Yes, I believe so.
Yes
Yes, it is for a Nintendo 3DS handheld game.
My 5 year old plays it and hardly ever gets stuck. So I would say it is good
Yoshi has to rescue a kidnapped baby luigi while protecting baby Mario so the brothers can be reunited.
3 separate codes.
Now, I'm not 100% sure, but I believe it will give you the option for pc or windows download
No, just the main games. I picked up the infinite season pass on sale for $10 right after I bought the triple pack. That was a few months back though.
I assume that as long as you have Steam and Windows, it should work.
There are three keys.
Hi! You can use any pc available controller. I for one, use the 360 controller sometimes but my brother uses his ps3 controller and it works nice with both.
Yes
Once you have it on steam it carries over to any PC you have.
I have Windows 8 and it worked just fine for me.
You will download the steam client then follow the steps emailed to you
This is a streaming game.  My icon links to the internet to play... Not really what I wanted, but the game plays excellently.  I hope that helps.
It's a digit game code for Steam to download the entire game.
I don't know, is 'ghsoting' motion blurring?If it is, then I think so, I have it and never noticed.
Yes, A PSP is a PSP! Just like ps3 game work in a phat and a super slim.
"why would you even ask this? it's a ""retro"" version of an old school game gear. not everything needs facebook or wifi lol"
My girlfriend ordered it as a gift. From my understanding. It's a standalone handheld sega. So no sega games needed they are on it. Hope it helps
No, if u want multi system emulation get the JXD-S5110b. Just type it into Amazon and you'll see the PS4 clone that emulates multiple systems from the 8 and 16 bit eras, I think it does N64 also
This was a gift but I think the games were built into system
It's not a built in game, no.
I forgot to tell you that I was using a splitter on mine. The head set plugs into the controller for power no batteries for the head set. But the part  that plugs into the controller has a 3.5 plug on. Because you can unplug the head set and plug it straight into your iPhone and it works. There is also another cord Polk sent me for free that is for use with a phone and it has a built in mic... Hope this helped a little.
yes, it comes with an adapter that plugs into the controller.
I believe it will I've watched movies and Netflix with them the only problem is the controller shuts off if you don't move the joystick or press a button every 5 min or so and if that happens you will not have sound.
No just through the controller but you get dts sound quality
Actually they will call you and confirm you received the boom mic
yes
Honestly,   I didn't see any difference
I never got anything. I think they've stopped caring. It would help if they showed what it looked like. I even called them, spoke with someone who said I'd get an email with tracking but I never got anything.
Hey, lopez. The game is the cartridge only thing you can do online wise is check out other player scores on a scoreboard.
There is a very brief scene in the game where you see a woman button her shirt and a man zip up his pants in an attempt to imply that she was trading sexual favors for medical supplies. There is no nudity.
no it already comes with all the chapters of season one plus the 400 Days DLC(special episode)
it looks great! runs smooth just like the console. Ive seen some pretty bad vita ports. (god of war collection and sly cooper: thives in time) but this game and PLaystation all stars are amazing on the vita.
Unfortunately, no. I wish there was though. I would have liked to use my ps3 season 1 save to continue season 2 on my Vita.
Its not that bad of a game i mean its not like he is asking for dead space on a playstation 3. However you are doing a great job at parenting seeking help first before buying him a game. I think it is rated mature. I would say let him play it 12-16yr olds i think should handle it just as well as a 17yr old. Ive played mature games since i was a young kid and theres nothing wrong with zombie games for a 12 yr old. If youre a really cautious parent though then no he would need to wait a few more yesrs
Yes it also plays on the Wii U.  Played it this morning. :)
Yes
zumba kids states it is for use only in the USA, Canada, Mexico, and Latin America.I did not see any marking to indicate it  is a multi 5.I hope that helps.
"I think there are a max of 4 score keeping slots at any one time,  I have done it with 3 kids at once.But if you have enough room to move about it is the movement that is fun not the score keeping,  So if they like ""dance"" it is fun to move along with out keeping score, and it is a work out,  so taking turns or in other words resting, is certainly an option and there are enough slots to keep track of everyone's score."
No, you need to play it on Nintendo Wii with controller.  The game checks to see how much the controller movement matches up with the movement on the screen to award points.
Yes, it plays in the Wii mini.
No. Not at all.
"Yes Halim S. I have used it in two separate countries since I bought it. Currently, I am in a country with electricity rating 220 Volts, alternating at 50 cycles per second. That means this device does accept 220 Volts at 50 Hertz, and you do not need a voltage converter. It has multi-voltage support, just like the PS4. It is definitely ""plug and play"" anywhere in the world. Enjoy your purchase."
You get sent back to 1988.
No, the USB is different.  Mini vs Micro USB.
Yes. I live in North America and the charger works fine.
Yes, it does.
Yes it will as long as the silicone isn't too thick.
Yes
Not sure, since it never charges like it is suppose to, the controllers slips off the charging base and don't charge.  This item is junk, stay away.
no
It is 5 inches from the microphone extension outlet. In reality, it is about 4 1/2 inches (or less) depending on how you bend or shape it.That is not really long enough and I have volume issues since purchasing these to the point where I'd just be better off with a secondary mic.
Yes, the right-side headphone can be removed.
Its standard 3.5mm connections. Shouldn't be a problem (no drivers)
it should come with an extra cord that lets you attach it to your iphone. its a string that has a input,  and the chord to ur headset is inserted in this attachment. i recently used it to use it as a PS4 mic. so it is possible if you have that cord attachment
I have no idea, because I do not own an XBOX 360 but would assume yes given that they are a gaming headset and plug in with no problems to everything else.
Hello Eric, You sure can use 2 Stinkyboards at the same time. You can actually use as many Stinkies as you have USB ports.  Each board can be given a unique name and programmed separately.
Yes,  you can use it on several computers. The configuration is stored in the peripheral. Steph
"Yes...it has a ""pulse"" setting that can be used to repeatedly press a key rapidly and also has a adjusting rate to set how many times per second it will press."
Hello Alan, Yes, using the latest firmware you can use it for Diagonals Up + Left (Keys A and W) and same for Up and + Right (W and D keys). Steph
I think it is possible. One switch to increase and one to decrease volume. However, figuring out which keys to bind may be tricky.
No - it's very clicky in each of the four directions, and slightly sticky.  I've found that even just using it as arrow keys is difficult, w.r.t. getting precise motion.
Sure.  The driver is always loaded.  You can bind the four switches to anything you like.
Just like a keyboard. Thing is great
I'm not sure what triton triggers are, but I have a pair of high end triton headphones that I use with my Xbox 360. I purchased this cable to replace the oem one that broke! Hope this helps some!
Yes, that is why I bought it, and it works good.Yes
Yes
nope, only a mute button and a chat volume button
Yes.
Brother this won't work with ANY headset....save your money.  Five bucks wasted is not a savings.
Mine did not operate/function    Waste of money.   Don't do it.
I honestly don't know. I bought it for my turtle beaches. But i've yet to find anything that it actually fits. Won't work on tritons, razers, or turtle beaches. I wouldn't recommend you buy it.
Yeah the five episodes and the dlc are on the disc, the game is in english
It depends on what format you are playing it on. For me, I was playing it on Playstation 3. I know that it gives you episode 1 for free on the IOS app as well as Android, and then after that you have to pay either $5 per additional episode or you can buy the season pass, which I believe is $19.99 which also includes the 400 Days bonus episode. Either way, you have to purchase the remaining episodes, no matter what platform you are on, unless you buy that disc version of the game. Hope this helps.
Right it is a move and click game which might not be for everyone. I enjoyed it and the game has a great story, which you are the creator of episode to episode.
Yes. It's a survial game. You will be shooting and fighting zombies also there's diolouge and choices you have to make quickly.
No
Nope. It's a good thing too, because that way you will only be subjecting a freshman in high school to some harmless violence (e.g., smashing a man's brain in with a pallet) instead of something truly horrific like sex.
To finish the game is not so long.But to see all the possible routes, you need very very long play.
Third person except for a couple of shooting sequences in episodes 3, 4, and 5.
500 GB
only on 110
No it doesnt, and also if you make the math, there´s no savings in the bundles, they charge you exactly the same as if you buy the additional items separately.
You have to have an extra usb cord, cause it only comes with one. But if you have two chords there are 2 ports on the console, so you can charge both at the same time.
"Not sure where these other people were looking but it will play blu-ray...per the playstation.com website: ""Yes, you will need to download and install PS4's day-one system software update 1.50, and then activate your Blu-ray Disc video capability with a one-time activation through the internet in order to play Blu-ray Disc films and DVD video content."""
It's for playing vita games on your television. . But it is region locked and you must open a Japanese PSN account. I like mine would just love it if it was region locked
Don't buy this yet it's region locked to Japanese psn aaccounts. Wait about 4 more months
Yes
Nothing except the color and name. They are both the exact same thing.
Yes as of patch 3.30 u can but come oct 15th will be released in us. Psn store is not fully updated yet but will be soon.
You can't create NA account because it's region-locked. It'll allow you to update to new firmware like any other console.
I think it's only available in Japan
Try delete the driver and reinstall again?
Yes
to be honest thats not something i have tried to do. sorry i couldnt be more help. but i really like the mouse, if remapping is a deal breaker maybe look at something else just to be safe, but if its not this mouse is very cool
330 lbs.
The balance board will work for the Wii, the game only works on WiiU
The balance board itself is compatible with the Wii. However, the Wii Fit U game and fit meter are only compatible with the Wii U.
Yes, we use it on carpet and it works perfectly. There are foot extensions that come with it specifically designed to allow it to work on carpet.
Well, basically the space it takes for the board, and the space for one person standing with the board in front of them (for stepping on and off exercises. 4 square feet? Obviously more would be better.
Yes, it will. That is the beauty of Wii/Nintendo;  they always retrofit their games and equipment to the older products, so you don't have to keep forking out cash for every upgrade. Unlike other game consoles.
A Wii U is required to play this.  Once you have a Wii U, this box includes everything you need to play Wii FIT U.
Some games do require a Wii Remote with motion plus,  and a few games require 2 Wii remotes with motion plus. A lot of games just require the balance board
Yes.
The Balance board should work with your Wii, but nothing else.
Same exact game. Different characters.
Yes however it may be cheaper to get a used set from starter pack rather than buy them a-la-carte!
Dark edition is a starter kit and comes with the base and game plus 5 dark edition skylanders.
Yes. The portal and the game is the same as the regular swapforce.
I think the best story is the one told at Infamous 1 , so you should definitely play it regardless of anything.If you havent and play second son, you just might miss a couple of references to the old games (no big deal)
I just checked and the game has options for both audio and subtitles but it seems like it's linked to your system setting so I had to change my entire system region over to Spanish but then it showed access to both the English and Spanish audio and subtitles.
About 5lb.
This edition Includes the beanie
A steam account, is an account on this page http://store.steampowered.com/. You can download a software there that allows you to install games to your computer and play them from this software platform. Games from steam usually come at great discounts. Imagine downloading a playstation interface to your computer. It's like having a playstation account. Instead it's from a provider called Steam, and thus it is a Steam Account.
Yes, once you already downloaded it, the game as well as your saves, are saved onto your hard drive. So you can definitely play it offline.
should work. just make sure you have a good virus program. this hit me pretty good. but needs to be fixed asap. everything is fine...
No. It's boring and annoying. What could have been a fun and immersive experience is bogged down by necessary game scenarios (hit three switches) and after the monster finds you and kills you a few times, the game turns from scary to annoying and frustrating. The fact that you have no weapons to fend yourself off makes things scary at first, but eventually becomes just lame because only being able to run pads out the game since you have to retrace your steps again once a chase is over. It wasn't fun at all and I never finished it.
No, this game only comes as a downloadable title, so you would lose a big part of your monthly allowance simply by downloading it.
Its a steam code. You purchase it here on amazon, go figure lol. But this game though lol. This game i dont recommend for the faint hearted.
I don't know I just used a mouse but don't see why not that's just my opinion though. Hope this helps
No. You HAVE to buy it separately.
You can click to save, but I don't believe it will save it right there, I do believe it will just return you to the checkpoint. I could be wrong though, I usually just use the checkpoints haha
Yes it will, it's just DLC (downloadable content) that will add maps and other upgrades to your experience
You should Enter this code to reddem code section.
If the previous games worked, then this should also
"Yes, It will. Premium is just an Add-on to the Game, like an unlocking key. And You've already bought ""US"" Digital games..."
If you bought the game in the amazon store the first time, the DLC should work to..
U get it forever. Battlepacks are linched in a time span so it refers to it
two
No, just for american region.
No
Nope. Phantom Pain is not out yet. The bonus in this game is a Phantom Pain's trailer only.
Yes
Yes, as far as I can tell. It doesn't give you anything on the description to let you know. Very disappointed.
This is the disc copy.
No. And for future reference, avoid trolling on this site, and actually ask some questions that need to be answered.
Reagone?
"I am also in Japan, playing on a NA account, and it has been difficult trying to renew my subscription over here. Mogstation won't accept my Visa, presumably because it now recognizes it's not in the same country as the billing address. I can confirm that these cards do work for people in our situations - you'll enter it into the MogStation website. I've seen FF14 cards in the convenience stores over here - make sure you don't use these, because they won't work with a NA account.And for anyone else curious, there is surprisingly no extra lag or noticeable difference in gameplay when playing here. I've only noticed somewhat longer loading times.



    I am also in Japan, playing on a NA account, and it has been difficult trying to renew my subscription over here. Mogstation won't accept my Visa, presumably because it now recognizes it's not in the same country as the billing address. I can confirm that these cards do work for people in our situations - you'll enter it into the MogStation website. I've seen FF14 cards in the convenience stores over here - make sure you don't use these, because they won't work with a NA account.And for anyone else curious, there is surprisingly no extra lag or noticeable difference in gameplay...
      » 
Read More


   I am also in Japan, playing on a NA account, and it has been difficult trying to renew my subscription over here. Mogstation won't accept my Visa, presumably because it now recognizes it's not in the same country as the billing address. I can confirm that these cards do work for people in our situations - you'll enter it into the MogStation website. I've seen FF14 cards in the convenience stores over here - make sure you don't use these, because they won't work with a NA account.And for anyone else curious, there is surprisingly no extra lag or noticeable difference in gameplay when playing here. I've only noticed somewhat longer loading times.
      « 

Show Less"
I really don't know.... I gave this card as a gift to my niece.
yes it would. the lodestone ( ffxiv service page) will allow you to load service via a game time card to add service.
You use this game time card to renew your monthly subscription for 60 days
It's a game time card for the whole service. Doesn't matter what you play the game on. You could also go to the moghouse and pay for time there. The mog house is where you access your ffxiv account.
No just log into your square enix account and put the code on the card in at the mog station redeem code tab and that's it.
It's only adds game play time not Crysta
Yes, you can have the same account with the two platforms- time would be shared.
Time cards can be use to play ff14 online. The game requires a free to play. Use time cards instead of credit card
The perdition, it has more options and overall is a better mouse imo.
I had the Razer Naga before buying this mouse, and the buttons are very easily reachable. There is a slight curve in the buttons, but does not hinder me. I am using the 1-9 buttons, my fingers are too short to reach the 10-12 unless I move my palm. If you have a larger hand/longer fingers, it should be no problem.Very good mouse!
"Absolutely, macro any keys you can press on the keyboard. it would be insecure though, clearly. open the utility, select the key, any key on the mouse is remappable, the drop down menu has nearly every option you can think of: left, middle, right click. forward/backward (up/down arrow really). single-key, combo-key (any two, e.g. ctrl-F1), cut/copy/paste/select all/find/new/print/save, switch window(alt-tab)/close window(alt-F4)/show desktop(windowskey-d)/lock pc, all media controls (play/pause/stop/volume-+/prev/next/mute/mute mic(clutch for voice chat servers), macros which can be any sequence of keys and delays of any length, fire key (which is mouse left click 3x fast, and loops if you hold it down for spamming), dpi cycle, dpi+, dpi-, profile switch, and even disable. you can make any button on the whole mouse into any of these commands.  tldnr: yes, passwords and the kitchen sink possible.



    Absolutely, macro any keys you can press on the keyboard. it would be insecure though, clearly. open the utility, select the key, any key on the mouse is remappable, the drop down menu has nearly every option you can think of: left, middle, right click. forward/backward (up/down arrow really). single-key, combo-key (any two, e.g. ctrl-F1), cut/copy/paste/select all/find/new/print/save, switch window(alt-tab)/close window(alt-F4)/show desktop(windowskey-d)/lock pc, all media controls (play/pause/stop/volume-+/prev/next/mute/mute mic(clutch for voice chat servers), macros which can...
      » 
Read More


   Absolutely, macro any keys you can press on the keyboard. it would be insecure though, clearly. open the utility, select the key, any key on the mouse is remappable, the drop down menu has nearly every option you can think of: left, middle, right click. forward/backward (up/down arrow really). single-key, combo-key (any two, e.g. ctrl-F1), cut/copy/paste/select all/find/new/print/save, switch window(alt-tab)/close window(alt-F4)/show desktop(windowskey-d)/lock pc, all media controls (play/pause/stop/volume-+/prev/next/mute/mute mic(clutch for voice chat servers), macros which can be any sequence of keys and delays of any length, fire key (which is mouse left click 3x fast, and loops if you hold it down for spamming), dpi cycle, dpi+, dpi-, profile switch, and even disable. you can make any button on the whole mouse into any of these commands.  tldnr: yes, passwords and the kitchen sink possible.
      « 

Show Less"
I use an add on in wow for mine. It is meant for the razer Naga but works on the dragon to. I got the add on from the curse website. I can link to it this afternoon when I get home.  Link for the Curse Addon is below:http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/razernagaDid you install the perdition software for the mouse?  Mine worked in Wow before I used the add on but I had been playing with the software before that to.
Yes, you can program any of the buttons for that functionality. However, the top two buttons behind the scroll-wheel already function that way. The front one move forward, the back button moves you backward.
The red button can be programmed. It is like all the other buttons on the mouse, just red(maybe it is a common fire button spot)
No
Yes
The blue light is directed downwards, and it is quite dim. It doesn't bother me, and I suppose it doesn't bother people around me.
You can listen to music or your videos basically for a whole day. The sound is pretty decent.
As long as the device you are using is compatible.  Make sure that 3.5 mm jack on your PS4 controller is compatible with the RaveTouch input jack. This is very important; because the jacks on some PS4 controllers are smaller than the standard size used on most headsets and devices.  If it matches, I highly recommend you get this headphone. What a sound! You will not be disappointed !
It works with PS3. Voice is clear. You just gotta have any other device's Bluetooth you synced it with off or else it won't sync with the PS3. The code yoi have to put to sync it is simply 0000. The headset gets uncomfortable after an hour of use tho, but maybe that's all headsets, and I got quite a big head lol.
Yes, It works great with both my tablet and computer.
Yeah
Yes
No idea... But when they worked, I loved them.... Then they didn't, after about 15 hours of use.
put your phone on can be recognized by device then when you hold the button for it to flash red and blue then hit Search and it should connect
Yes it does require an internet connection and the Steam application installed to be able to play the game, even straight out of the box with the CD key. I hope this answer helps you, I did not know that before purchasing and I am unable to play because I do not have an internet connection where I am at this time. Once you are able to get online and activate it with Steam though, apparently you have to set STEAM to offline play (while being online) then afterwards, internet is not required - just activation.
I am forced to keep the disk in the drive. There may be a way to play without the disk, but I'm not aware of it.
Yes that is what complete edition means
alright the answer to your question is yes. You need access to steam however but you dont need to be connected to the internet. simply open steam in offline mode and go from there. Usually my steam account opens as soon as i log on to my computer then gives me a choice to connect to the internet or continue and open steam in offline mode. Open it in Offline and you can play Civ 5 offline. hope this makes sense
You can play offline it just won't be connected to Steam, and a msg will pop up that says Steam won't be able to sync your game files from the cloud. That's the best answer I have from our little experiment we just did by turning off our internet and seeing if our son could still play and he could....Hope it helps!
It comes with a cd that you can load the game off of.  According to the booklet you don't have to download it via the cd and can just activate it from steam, but I don't have any experience with that so I'm not sure how that would work out for you.
hi, how i can buy the disc ?  i already bought it by download from steam and until now i can not play the game. i asked many questions and tried many ideas to solve my problem but nothing help and steam support not care at all. i just know today how to buy from amazon and  send it to my city, so no more steam  :))  by disc very easy and better and if have games here reguire to steam i will not buy it
Yes
This version of the game has a Simple physical manual（7 page), a page of TECH TREE AND SPECIFIC CHARTS. It has 15 DLC. It need a account of steam. The game program can download in steam, DVD disk can't need. These help to you? if not, Please ask me in simple English again, my English is poor.
To receive all of the DLC (Brave New World and others) you'll need to activate the CD key through Steam where you will be able to download the game and all of its components. Keep in mind that you will need an account with Steam and have the Steam Client installed.
Have the same question.  Even Best Buy has them on the store shelves for 69.99 each.  And the combo should be significantly less since it probably only has 1 transceiver, and 1 extender cable.
Yes, there are two cables. one is a Unifying receiver extender in case your keyboard and mouse are our of range or your signal is bad because of interference, it is a USB male to female. The other cable is the one you want it is a USB male to Micro male charging cable. To charge the mouse you insert the cable on a SLIGHT angle, it does not go straight in. When you are looking at the mouse the charging cable will be slightly up. Once you do it the first time you will get a feel for it.
I just went to my neighbors to type this sentence, 3 walls and 30 feet away,worked fine. It started breaking up at 4 walls and 40 feet away.It is not bluetoothe. It is the standard 2.4 ghz. and works 10 times better than any bluetoothe. I have had absolutely no problems with the unifying adapter. I have accumulated 2 marathon mice, and this keyboard mouse set. The unifying reciever's all work great and brain dead easy to pair up. Love the quite keyboard and smooth feeling keys. I am spoiled with this set. I'm sure it will work with your dell or any computer.
"Yes, but you will need a logitech unifying receiver (available for under 10 bucks). Logitech is competing with Bluetooth and making there own receivers going away from the universal Bluetooth. On the universal receiver plus side you may have up to 6 devices synchronized. I keep two pointing devices per computer so this works for me. Logitech also claims their own receiver will eliminate the double click problem that occurs with some mice as they get older; but that remains to be seen. If you do not want to buy another receiver you make take the one from home but that defeats the convenience end so just get another receiver. Good Luck.



    Yes, but you will need a logitech unifying receiver (available for under 10 bucks). Logitech is competing with Bluetooth and making there own receivers going away from the universal Bluetooth. On the universal receiver plus side you may have up to 6 devices synchronized. I keep two pointing devices per computer so this works for me. Logitech also claims their own receiver will eliminate the double click problem that occurs with some mice as they get older; but that remains to be seen. If you do not want to buy another receiver you make take the one from home but that defeats the convenience...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, but you will need a logitech unifying receiver (available for under 10 bucks). Logitech is competing with Bluetooth and making there own receivers going away from the universal Bluetooth. On the universal receiver plus side you may have up to 6 devices synchronized. I keep two pointing devices per computer so this works for me. Logitech also claims their own receiver will eliminate the double click problem that occurs with some mice as they get older; but that remains to be seen. If you do not want to buy another receiver you make take the one from home but that defeats the convenience end so just get another receiver. Good Luck.
      « 

Show Less"
that is 1 charging cable do 1 at a time
My keyboard is relatively close to my computer and I have no latency.
With moderate to heavy use, I get at least 5 or 6 days out of the mouse before I recharge it. The keyboard will go two weeks or more. Both would surely last much longer if I turned them off when I'm not using them; but I don't. Recharging takes about 20 minutes using the supplied usb cable.
It can. But not a lot. 1/4 to 1/2 inch at most.
No it doesn't which is the only thing wrong with this keyboard. The keys are comfortable and we love it even without the stands
It has good key response!  No problems with this keyboard at all!
Yes
I thing mxgp 14 is the US version. Mxgp originally released in Europe.
It should be okay to play in your country. I live in the U.S. and I bought the game from the U.K.Worked fine. I don't think Playstation has zone restrictions like XBOX does.
Yes. It has two player co op or versus offline
You could play 2 vs 2 but the game is only 2 players. It work by you and a friend fight together with computers or fight each other with a computer partner. And if you want a 1 vs 1 press the triangle button on the square where you pick a character. If not then a computer will still be there. I hope I explained this well to you.
Yes, the Playstation 3 is region free. (It can play games from any region)
That's odd. Mines works perfectly fine
Yes!!! and it works perfect
Yes I have a a copy and I live in America with a American ps3
It's all Japanese
Yes sir it is :)
Yes, when you buy it you get an unused game code.  The person receiving the code just needs to make an NCSoft Account and redeem the code on their site.
Yeap, it's just a code. They will just discontinue to sell them as it gives a few extras :)
The bonuses are mostly access to the closed betas (now over) and registering you guild and character name (currently going on till the 23rd). Other than that you get three day early head start. But yes, if you order now you'll get what bonuses remain. Regular vs. deluxe determine what in-game loot you get. Visit the game's website to see the differences. Cheers!
They come with purchase and were sent to my email sometime after the official launch. If you purchased this and are expecting passes but haven't received them, I recommend contacting WildStar customer support.
Probably not. But you get some nice mounts. A rocket house. couple of housing items. some dyes and costume. Titles.  To me.. I bought the deluxe version to save me the time of grinding money to get a mount. The ones you get you cannot use till level 25. they are giving a way a mount right now if you sign up for 2-step login verification. you cam use right away
Yes
It has all the international teams. And you can download fan made rosters through the game so u have updated rosters for each team.
There are a huge lineups for International and Domestic teams. In Domestic arena, a current generation of lineups from Australian T20, Indian Premier League and English Cricket County. When you start playing career mode, you will be offered a contracts playing for Big Bash Australian T20 League, Indian Premier League (IPL) and English County Championship. There are also vintage lineups besides the current teams from 1980's West Indies and Pakistan, 1990's Australia's teams. All of the above you can customize and create your own lineups too.
No
no
It's region free.... I bought from UK and I am using it in USA.
No I you can't
It supports up to 2 players either in the same room or via network play.It is a UK game though, so in order to support network play between 2 players a buyer would have to create a second PSN Network account under the U.K. network rather than the U.S. network if he doesn't already have a U.K. network account. it's free to do so.
yes it will work in American PS3 without any problem.
Yes
I do not have it, sorry I can try my mom's computer but not til sunday
Yes
You can buy rollercoaster tycoon Deluxe which includes RollerCoaster Tycoon and its two expansions: Corkscrew Follies and Loopy Landscapes for 6 bucks as a digital download off of Steam.
It does for me. I have it on my win7 Toshiba and my son is running it on a brand new win8 dell.
Either your GBA is malfunctioning, or the game is. Try another game to test your GBA. Also, try cleaning the pins on the game with a Qtip and rubbing alcohol. - DAMP NOT WET. MAKE SURE TO LET THE GAME DRY COMPLETELY BEFORE USING IT.  The game will not save your progress if it needs a new battery. If it keeps crashing, then it is definitely defective.
No it does not come with the box or anything. Mine came in a game boy color cartridge case with a new battery. If you want one still in a box, it will cost a lot of money because most kids opened the box and then threw it away.
yes you can, I play it on mine all the time.
YES! It MUST come with controller and all cables. According to the UPC, that is what the system came with so according to Amazon's policy, it MUST come with all those cables and controller. All the people selling them without them are violating Amazon's policy.
Yes, it comes with all necessary wires and a controller.
This isn't a question
No it does  not
It will say in the description of the item what it all includes.
The Gamecube only supports AV cables. So if your TV has AV ports, which it most likely does, then it should work but there is not a way to play games in HD.
Yes
No it  doesn't . The only thing it comes with its Is the console itself  everything else is sold separately.
Yes.  No Problem
Yes
Dont buy halo 2 in amazon.com Dont work on xbox 360. And they dont answer me why dont work. Ill never buy again in amazon
no. The servers no longer support halo 2.
NO! Don't Buy!
Yes, as long as you have an xbox 360 with an official Microsoft Hard Disk Drive.  If you buy a generic HDD for a 4GB Xbox 360 console, it does not include what's required to emulate original Xbox games.  There are methods described online for adding the ability to emulate original Xbox game to generic HDD.  I followed one of these tutorials since the generic HDD are about half the price of Microsoft's HDD.
Yes
Not anymore. Update 1.08 removed the CD check, and Update 1.10 was just released to allow Multiplayer after GameSpy shuts down :)
This and halo custom edition both work for win 7
Have used on Windows 7, 8, and 8.1
"That's like asking if I can play DVD on Blu-Ray:Minimum system requirementsOperating System: Microsoft Windows 98, Microsoft Windows Second Edition, Microsoft Windows Millennium Edition (Me), Microsoft Windows 2000, or Microsoft Windows XP.Computer/Processor: 733 megahertz (MHz) processor.DirectX: DirectX® 9.0 or later. (DirectX 9.0b is installed by Halo.)Memory: 128 megabytes (MB) of RAM.Hard Disk: 1.2 gigabytes (GB) of free hard disk space.Video card: 32 MB with 3D Transform and Lighting capable.CD: 8X.Sound: Sound card, speakers, or headphones with multiplayer play.*56.6 Kilobytes per second (KBps) modem or 10 MB network adapter. Multiplayer servers require broadband to run a server.*Additionally, you must have an Internet Service provider (ISP) or a Local Area Network (LAN), if you want to play multi-player games.From: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/829479



    That's like asking if I can play DVD on Blu-Ray:Minimum system requirementsOperating System: Microsoft Windows 98, Microsoft Windows Second Edition, Microsoft Windows Millennium Edition (Me), Microsoft Windows 2000, or Microsoft Windows XP.Computer/Processor: 733 megahertz (MHz) processor.DirectX: DirectX® 9.0 or later. (DirectX 9.0b is installed by Halo.)Memory: 128 megabytes (MB) of RAM.Hard Disk: 1.2 gigabytes (GB) of free hard disk space.Video card: 32 MB with 3D Transform and Lighting capable.CD: 8X.Sound: Sound card,...
      » 
Read More


   That's like asking if I can play DVD on Blu-Ray:Minimum system requirementsOperating System: Microsoft Windows 98, Microsoft Windows Second Edition, Microsoft Windows Millennium Edition (Me), Microsoft Windows 2000, or Microsoft Windows XP.Computer/Processor: 733 megahertz (MHz) processor.DirectX: DirectX® 9.0 or later. (DirectX 9.0b is installed by Halo.)Memory: 128 megabytes (MB) of RAM.Hard Disk: 1.2 gigabytes (GB) of free hard disk space.Video card: 32 MB with 3D Transform and Lighting capable.CD: 8X.Sound: Sound card, speakers, or headphones with multiplayer play.*56.6 Kilobytes per second (KBps) modem or 10 MB network adapter. Multiplayer servers require broadband to run a server.*Additionally, you must have an Internet Service provider (ISP) or a Local Area Network (LAN), if you want to play multi-player games.From: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/829479
      « 

Show Less"
you can use a game controller.That how I play the game.You will also like the game.
If you're using a mac, download bootcamp it should work, as for how well it works, i do not know how to translate mac specs into pc counterparts, it is controller compatible i have used xbox 360 wired and ps3 controllers, if for some reason it does not recognize your controller try http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/ beware after the free trial it costs money.
"hi ! well i dont play MP anymore, but this article from PC GAMES say :While EA are flailing about, trying to find a solution to their GameSpy service shutdown woes, Bungie have been secretly working with top men to ensure that their game lives on. Halo: Combat Evolved will receive a patch that will ensure the game's multiplayer lobby will work ""just as it always has"".The patch was announced on the Halo-Fixes forum""A small group has been quietly preparing for the shutdown of the GameSpy Master Server (which provides the list of Halo servers) and they are finally ready to discuss their work. The group consists of Roger Wolfson aka Sawnose (of Bungie), Btcc22 (of HAC2), Kornman00 (of OpenSauce) and myself, Technut (of PÕQ Clan).""As a result of their work, especially Btcc22 and Roger, Bungie will be releasing version 1.0.10 of Halo PC and Halo CE soon, which will include the fix for the Lobby!""There's no release date for the patch, but Technut is planning to release more information within the next couple of days.PS: yep patch already out if you want ! http://halo-fixes.findforum.net/t36-bungie-officially-releases-patch-110-includes-the-lobby-fix



    hi ! well i dont play MP anymore, but this article from PC GAMES say :While EA are flailing about, trying to find a solution to their GameSpy service shutdown woes, Bungie have been secretly working with top men to ensure that their game lives on. Halo: Combat Evolved will receive a patch that will ensure the game's multiplayer lobby will work ""just as it always has"".The patch was announced on the Halo-Fixes forum""A small group has been quietly preparing for the shutdown of the GameSpy Master Server (which provides the list of Halo servers)...
      » 
Read More


   hi ! well i dont play MP anymore, but this article from PC GAMES say :While EA are flailing about, trying to find a solution to their GameSpy service shutdown woes, Bungie have been secretly working with top men to ensure that their game lives on. Halo: Combat Evolved will receive a patch that will ensure the game's multiplayer lobby will work ""just as it always has"".The patch was announced on the Halo-Fixes forum""A small group has been quietly preparing for the shutdown of the GameSpy Master Server (which provides the list of Halo servers) and they are finally ready to discuss their work. The group consists of Roger Wolfson aka Sawnose (of Bungie), Btcc22 (of HAC2), Kornman00 (of OpenSauce) and myself, Technut (of PÕQ Clan).""As a result of their work, especially Btcc22 and Roger, Bungie will be releasing version 1.0.10 of Halo PC and Halo CE soon, which will include the fix for the Lobby!""There's no release date for the patch, but Technut is planning to release more information within the next couple of days.PS: yep patch already out if you want ! http://halo-fixes.findforum.net/t36-bungie-officially-releases-patch-110-includes-the-lobby-fix
      « 

Show Less"
no....not this halo
it is the rolled up paper with the ribbon around it laying on the desk
I think it depends on which operating system you are using. We have the old versions and they still work on our recient up grade to Vista but there are some glitchs showing up that were never there when we were running Windows 98.
Game runs awesome on my Windows 8 laptop. Due to that, it should run great on Windows 7 as well. If that's not enough, I have friends using Windows 7 that play the game fine. As for Vista, can't say for sure, but probably fine, since the game still works on Windows XP and 7/8, the older and newer versions.
No the boxed copy of Morrowind has no CD key to enter to redeem.
Works perfectly fine for me, through steam no less. Only run into problems when I mod it to oblivion but that's to be expected and is my own fault.
Yes, the DVD version I received required that you start the installation through Steam.  I also own the much older CD version which does not require steam.   The files are read from the DVD after the installation is started, but you still have to have an internet connection to do it.
"DO NOT buy any software from CLICKFORGAMESUkltd.  Period.  This was the Seller who started hack attempts on my STEAM account shortly after I activated the software.  If you purchase this game, try to find out from the Seller if it is in the original manufacturer's packaging.  When you receive this disk-based game for your PC, if it runs up a screen telling you it has to generate a STEAM account, immediately STOP the process, box it back up, and demand a REFUND from the Seller and / or Amazon (if the Seller won't honor the request).  Let's believe there are still good copies of the original disks out there and you won't have to deal with a hacker scam.Bless,TJW



    DO NOT buy any software from CLICKFORGAMESUkltd. Period. This was the Seller who started hack attempts on my STEAM account shortly after I activated the software. If you purchase this game, try to find out from the Seller if it is in the original manufacturer's packaging. When you receive this disk-based game for your PC, if it runs up a screen telling you it has to generate a STEAM account, immediately STOP the process, box it back up, and demand a REFUND from the Seller and / or Amazon (if the Seller won't honor the request). Let's believe there are still good copies of the...
      » 
Read More


   DO NOT buy any software from CLICKFORGAMESUkltd.  Period.  This was the Seller who started hack attempts on my STEAM account shortly after I activated the software.  If you purchase this game, try to find out from the Seller if it is in the original manufacturer's packaging.  When you receive this disk-based game for your PC, if it runs up a screen telling you it has to generate a STEAM account, immediately STOP the process, box it back up, and demand a REFUND from the Seller and / or Amazon (if the Seller won't honor the request).  Let's believe there are still good copies of the original disks out there and you won't have to deal with a hacker scam.Bless,TJW
      « 

Show Less"
no you dont need it to play the game but you do need internet connection to download the game because it uses steam to download it
No, no instruction booklet either.
"Somewhat. If I remember the dimensions it was roughly 12"" long by 6"" wide by 2"" high."
"Nope.  Just the nineteen dollar one and you activate it on Steam, then download the game to your computer.  Nothing to it.  You can download it over and over if you update a hard drive or get a new computer.  But it is your game, you own it.  You can back it up to anyplace you like on your computer to have a ""local"" copy of it if you like.  Been using Steam since it was Valve and never had any issues.  Steam keeps your games updated automatically if you desire too."
Yes..downloaded onto Windows 7 on all three of my computers and had no problems.
I have recently purchased  Windows 7 and could not download it on windows 7.   I bought Hoyle Card Games 2012 and was easily able to download that.  The 2012 version is very similar to  the 2005 version.  It has the same characters and games.    Sorry  I cannot specifically answer your question about Windows 8.
Yes! It works just fine.
Yes it works great. Only problem I have is no speech on characters but everything else seems to work fine.
I bet it does, I use it on Window 8.  I love the bridge game, wish Hoyle Card games would put one out for iPad.
It is a pin plug and not a USB.  If needed, you can purchase an adapter to convert a USB into a pin plug.
Not that I'm aware of or see listed.  This is a very basic board.  I didn't even know keyboards came with volume control.
Honestly, I am not positive, but I use it on a Dell and it works fine.  I use an adapter for the pin plug into a USB port.  At times, I have had to unplug it and then plug it back in if it does not work.  Bottom line, for me the comfort of this keyboard far outweighs the occasional inconvenience.  Hope this helps.
5V==50mA
Yes.  That top line is as follows.  The Esc key is on the left end, by itself.  Then, moving to the right you have a space the size of a key, then F1 F2 F3 F4;  small space, F5 F6 F7 F8; small space, F9 F10 F11 F12; small space Print Screen, Scroll Lock, Pause.
If appropriate for a child of eight years since it has no bloody scenes or sex
4
Yes
As long as it is Wii not Wii U
The game's messed up. Something about how they made it that causes it to break after awhile. Went through like 3 already
yes he will learn to play super smash bros.brawel.   I have a5 year old grand son that learn how to play all Mario's game. I also gave him a logo game and his now doing 10 years old logo game, and his only 5  years old. buy it  for your son and you will find out how much a 5 year old kid knows.   carlos nieves/
I've never had that problem with the game
It was for my nephew so
Not that I saw.
I'm not sure, this one works on my old xbox360 which is not the newer slim type.
Not sure, my xbox is from 2009 and i'd just recommend you look at the connections and see if they are similar
Did not burn out grandson lost all hookups for Xbox so we gave for Christmas present
Thought this was a part for the Xbox a gaming system but it doesn't work at all
110v
In the hypothetical situation where one does download and play an emulated game, it works very well with not only the controller layout being similar to commonly emulated systems (SNES, N64), but also is very responsive. I use a regular PS2 controller myself and in my 'hypothetical situation pod' I see myself playing and enjoying emulated games that I have never personally downloaded in reality.
Yes
It will likely make them be axes.  I purchased one to convert my yamaha ms1 handlebars to PC.  It worked great for that.
Firstly, what operating system are you using? Compatibility issues might be your problem; I can't seem to find what OSes this device is compatible with on the listing. I use mine with an old Windows XP computer and it recognizes fine.Secondly, maybe your converter is broken. Try it on different computers and see if you get a different response. If it doesn't recognize on any computer, there's a chance you might've received a dud. I'd ask for a refund/exchange.Hope you get it working. I didn't have any issues with mine.
Yes
Sorry I only own a pc.
Yes it uses the universal HID codec for usb. Works on my iMac should work on your macbook pro
if you can hook up any ps2 or 1 controller in it, it should work.
No
Yes
Hola , si el juego trae sub-titutos al españo, bueno el que me enviaron si
No lag at all that we can tell, I'm a gamer with consoles and computers. My son is Autistic and wants everything fast paced so if there is even a suggestion of an issue we'd have problems. Smash Bros is fast and on going, I'd say no issues at all. Hope this helps.
6ft
Yes! You can combine all four if your heart desires! Just make sure they're secured together tightly so that they don't fall out, and play gamecube from where ever you want.
No
It is the cost for the four pack.  Got them and they work great.
Most Wii's have Gamecube ports on top, under a plastic door. Only the last 2 editions, the Mini and the Family edition(the one designed to lay flat) don't have them. Google for photos of theses two if needed...
There is a hinged cover on the top when the wii is in the stand.
No. Only for PC MASTER RACE
Yes, it does... and that's what broke on it... after a year or so of use.
Yes it is fully compatible with FSX. I am running it with FSX on Windows 8.1 with no issues.
No it does not have force feedback
Rudder control is by twisting the stick left or right.
"Yes it will. You have to clear all the default joystick setting tho in the game. It's pretty straight forward.However, Ive noticed that in BF4 there is a button or two that seems to be bugged. I use the two buttons in front of the throttle to afterburner, and it keeps opening up a damn menu.In all honesty, it works wonders in BF3... But worst in BF4, They seem to have optimized it mainly for the game pad and mouse/keyboard... At least when flying a heli. ""i'm not much of a jet guy."""
Kind of. I really haven't played it in sometime. I would search more on YouTube on it
Yes I have used it with 64 bit windows 7 and 8.
Turning is relatively quiet, compared to the driving force gt.  If u use the manual shifter it's quite loud, shifting, but the wheel turning isn't that bad.  It does make a bit of noise tho but you should be fine if the there are others in another room.  My girl sleeps in the other room when I sometimes stay up l8 to play, but it doesn't bother her.  I would recommend.  Good luck!
I honestly wouldn't think so. However it is with some knowledge possible to replace the wheel altogether. If it's just the leather you don't like, buy a steering wheel cover in an automotive store. It would take some searching to find one the right size, maybe. Be aware that replacing the wheel would most likely void your warranty.
Yes the gas pedal is realistic. I use mainly for racing but i can go around a track at 2 miles an hour or 102 or anywhere in between. for the money i recomend this wheel setup to anyone. i am sure the more expensive wheels have a better feature or two but not much better.  also recomend iracing and asseto corsa for the most realistic racing experience available in my opinion, if into racing games.
The gear shifter is not fixed to the steering unit and can be mounted anywhere you choose to mount it.
It has up to 900 degress of rotation.
"No it doesn't, it moves to where they are supposed to go but there is no spring that returns the stick shift to the neutral position after you take it out of gear. It kind of just sits there.  In real cars the stick shift springs to center below 3rd gear and above 4th gear.  This makes it so when you go from 2nd gear to 3rd gear you just have to push the stick up, instead of up, then right then up again.  With the springing to center you just push it up and when it gets to neutral it springs right by itself and you just continue pushing it up to 3rd gear.  (Sorry for the explanation which you probably already know, but it's for others who don't.)



    No it doesn't, it moves to where they are supposed to go but there is no spring that returns the stick shift to the neutral position after you take it out of gear. It kind of just sits there. In real cars the stick shift springs to center below 3rd gear and above 4th gear. This makes it so when you go from 2nd gear to 3rd gear you just have to push the stick up, instead of up, then right then up again. With the springing to center you just push it up and when it gets to neutral it springs right by itself and you just continue pushing it up to 3rd gear. (Sorry for the explanation which you...
      » 
Read More


   No it doesn't, it moves to where they are supposed to go but there is no spring that returns the stick shift to the neutral position after you take it out of gear. It kind of just sits there.  In real cars the stick shift springs to center below 3rd gear and above 4th gear.  This makes it so when you go from 2nd gear to 3rd gear you just have to push the stick up, instead of up, then right then up again.  With the springing to center you just push it up and when it gets to neutral it springs right by itself and you just continue pushing it up to 3rd gear.  (Sorry for the explanation which you probably already know, but it's for others who don't.)
      « 

Show Less"
this is the answer i got for the same questionI am positive that the G27 will not work in the PS4 for now because of the absence of a Sony PS4 security chip in it. Without this chip, the G27 shuts down in 8 minutes. This is how Sony protects its PS4 license. It may work in the future if Logitech manages to negotiate a deal with Sony. The 8-minute shutdown restriction can surely be circumvented by a firmware upgrade. There is actually a petition going around among G27 owners for that to happen.
"Very glad to find an Indian G27 user :DFirst off, where did you get it from & which city do you live in? I live in Pune.I got mine off Amazon USA through a friend coming here for holidays.Now something to clear your doubt.The wheel doesnt respond as you said when some other USB port is engaged except for the G27 (like a pen drive or something). I had the same problem & unknowingly it got solved but later I figured out the cause through online browsing. So connect only the wheel when you play :)Hope this helps,RudraPS: I'm seriously considering to replace mine under warranty so I need to know Indian logitech outlets, so pls help if you can.



    Very glad to find an Indian G27 user :DFirst off, where did you get it from & which city do you live in? I live in Pune.I got mine off Amazon USA through a friend coming here for holidays.Now something to clear your doubt.The wheel doesnt respond as you said when some other USB port is engaged except for the G27 (like a pen drive or something). I had the same problem & unknowingly it got solved but later I figured out the cause through online browsing. So connect only the wheel when you play :)Hope this helps,RudraPS: I'm seriously considering...
      » 
Read More


   Very glad to find an Indian G27 user :DFirst off, where did you get it from & which city do you live in? I live in Pune.I got mine off Amazon USA through a friend coming here for holidays.Now something to clear your doubt.The wheel doesnt respond as you said when some other USB port is engaged except for the G27 (like a pen drive or something). I had the same problem & unknowingly it got solved but later I figured out the cause through online browsing. So connect only the wheel when you play :)Hope this helps,RudraPS: I'm seriously considering to replace mine under warranty so I need to know Indian logitech outlets, so pls help if you can.
      « 

Show Less"
Ps3  and PC only, XBOX 360 does not accept this wheel, only Microsoft branded wheels can be used on XBOX
the track Ir 5 is a tracker that work with microsoft flight simulator system it let you move your head to look left and right in your flight system with out moveing thi mouse the tracker is a very good tool to have.also work very well on most game
Yes.  I am currently running Windows 8 and works great.
I considered buying the track clip pro as well but decided against it after reading some reviews stating how fragile it is. The benefits didn't seem to justify the additional $. Unless your monitor is facing direct sunlight and you hate wearing a cap indoors, then the track clip pro will be the way to go. Else the standard reflectors works just fine and it seems very responsive to me. No discernible lag whatsoever.
It's a head tracker.  This mounts to the top of your monitor, and comes with a reflective clip that attaches to a hat or headset.  Infrared lights shine out from the sensor, bounce off of the reflectors, and are used to track head movement.  This can then be used in any compatible games (Flight sims and racing sims especially) and will allow the ingame camera to match the movements of your head.
The other option you have, which is what I use, is to customize the dead zone/sensitivity of the Trackir so that your head center dead zone is higher and thus will not actuate until head movement is greater than X amount of your choosing.
All supported games are listed on their website!  :)http://www.naturalpoint.com/trackir/03-enhanced-games/enhanced-games-all.html
"The package as shown above is about eight inches tall and only a couple of ounces. It arrived in a box that was like 4"" x 6"" x 8"". I don't have it in front of me, but the above are fairly close."
Maybe if your monitor is very thin, but it is probably best for viewing angle if its at the top.
"No, it uses IR technology to ""see"". It has 4 IR LEDs inside the unit that provides it's own light. The light from these IR LEDs reflects off the attachment on your head (Pro-clip or the one that comes with this item) and back to the main unit where it records the location of the reflections. The following are images I googled to elaborate on how the TrackIr can ""see"": https://www.google.com/search?q=ir+led&sa;fe=off&rlz;=1C1CHFX_enUS547US547&espv;=2&bi;w=1920&bih;=993&source;=lnms&tbm;=isch&sa;=X&ei=xr6eVOqhC4apyQSgv4GgAw&ved;=0CAcQ_AUoAg#safe=off&tbm;=isch&q;=ir+led+effects+on+digital+camera&spell;=1&facrc;=_&imgdii;=_&img;rc=xIRi19iwEBxv_M%253A%3BwxkUqO9lMLcJYM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fupload.wikimedia.org%252Fwikipedia%252Fcommons%252F6%252F67%252FP1020168.JPG%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fen.wikipedia.org%252Fwiki%252FInfrared%3B2560%3B1920Your next question is tougher to answer. Within the software that runs the system you can modify how much you have to move (its resolution). Just like the DPI settings for your mouse. I'm pretty sure if you were to make it as sensitive as possible you could spin your character's view quicker than you can see things on the screen. Like taking your mouse and wiggling it vigorously and the mouse cursor almost becoming invisible, if you know what I mean.



    No, it uses IR technology to ""see"". It has 4 IR LEDs inside the unit that provides it's own light. The light from these IR LEDs reflects off the attachment on your head (Pro-clip or the one that comes with this item) and back to the main unit where it records the location of the reflections. The following are images I googled to elaborate on how the TrackIr can ""see"": https://www.google.com/search?q=ir+led&sa;fe=off&rlz;=1C1CHFX_enUS547US547&espv;=2&bi;w=1920&bih;=993&source;=lnms&tbm;=isch&sa;=X&ei=xr6eVOqhC4apyQSgv4GgAw&ved;=0CAcQ_AUoAg#safe=off&tbm;=is...
      » 
Read More


   No, it uses IR technology to ""see"". It has 4 IR LEDs inside the unit that provides it's own light. The light from these IR LEDs reflects off the attachment on your head (Pro-clip or the one that comes with this item) and back to the main unit where it records the location of the reflections. The following are images I googled to elaborate on how the TrackIr can ""see"": https://www.google.com/search?q=ir+led&sa;fe=off&rlz;=1C1CHFX_enUS547US547&espv;=2&bi;w=1920&bih;=993&source;=lnms&tbm;=isch&sa;=X&ei=xr6eVOqhC4apyQSgv4GgAw&ved;=0CAcQ_AUoAg#safe=off&tbm;=isch&q;=ir+led+effects+on+digital+camera&spell;=1&facrc;=_&imgdii;=_&img;rc=xIRi19iwEBxv_M%253A%3BwxkUqO9lMLcJYM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fupload.wikimedia.org%252Fwikipedia%252Fcommons%252F6%252F67%252FP1020168.JPG%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fen.wikipedia.org%252Fwiki%252FInfrared%3B2560%3B1920Your next question is tougher to answer. Within the software that runs the system you can modify how much you have to move (its resolution). Just like the DPI settings for your mouse. I'm pretty sure if you were to make it as sensitive as possible you could spin your character's view quicker than you can see things on the screen. Like taking your mouse and wiggling it vigorously and the mouse cursor almost becoming invisible, if you know what I mean.
      « 

Show Less"
You just have to make sure ur wii has american system i think if it's british this would not work this is from my experience I'm not sure if it's true or not
No it doesn't. You can only use the Wii remote. You can either have it turned on its side, or have the nunchuck hooked up to it.
I really don't know my grandson was 8 when I get it for him.
Nov. 2009
You can play all Wii games on the Wii U as long as you have the wii remote. You cannot play Wii games on the Wii U gamepad, though.
I purchased this game along with another for my son and we have had no problems whatsoever with either one.
You can play with just the remote
Yep, start a new game, new profile.  :)
Sorry, Haven't tried the mini games.
I would say yes. It's like walking on a treadmill. I get more exercise off this game than wii fit.
You should be able to use it. I just put the cd in and followed the instructions. It is a good program and fun.
Yrs, the game is terrific and addictive. My grandchildren and myself really love it.
No
Absolutely appropriate for children!  G-rated and fun for kids and adults.  Great program.
I don't have a wii u so I don't know for sure.  If the wii u can use a standard disk size game, I would think so.  It is a great game.
No, I haven't had that happen...sorry!
Sorry, Haven't tried the mini games.
Yes it will.  That is what I have and it works fine.
"I don't use wifi for the DS. There are TONS of games that you can play against the "" computer "" and/or single player games."
WOW. I purchased this game for my nephew a while back.  I believe this was for the regular DS game.  It worked fine.  I don't see a reason why it shouldn't work on yours.  You can also ask the seller if it will work on your DSi XL.  Hope I've been of some help.
Yes. This is the same cable I'm using for my mk1 genesis
Yes
Doesn't really matter, just know that this will fit ONLY the Model #1 Genesis... if you don't know if you have a model 1 or not, look it up on the internet or go to a game store and talk to someone over 30yo.
No
Sorry, this cable is for what is known as a 'Model 1' Genesis. You have a 'Model 2' Genesis. What you need is here (copy & paste the following link into your address bar):   Sega Genesis 2 & 3 Standard AV Cable (Bulk Packaging)  | Sega Genesis 2 & 3 Standard AV Cable
This game has absolutely no blood and very little violence (cartoon sword slashing and fighting of the sort) and it's full of puzzles in which you could cooperate with your child to solve. It's good to develop those puzzle-solving skills and strengthen your bonds at the same time.
The Wii U Gamepad and the Wii U Pro Controller.
Eh graphics are amazing... But it's eeehhh
"It comes with a club nintedo brochure and a paper that tells you how to access the electronic manual. The electronic manual can be accessed by pressing the home button while in-game and select the ""?"" symbol."
Both games are excellent.  They are totally different kinds of games.  If you are a solo player get zelda.  If you like to play with friends get Smash.  Also, although a very good game, zelda has low replay value compared to smash.
"To quote the Zelda Wiki:""Exclusive to The Wind Waker HD, the Swift Sail is an upgrade to the Sail that enables the King of Red Lions to sail faster. Also, the Swift Sail automatically changes the direction of the wind to the boat's heading, thus making the King of Red Lions sail at full speed in all directions. This eliminates the need to play the Wind's Requiem when sailing. The Swift Sail is activated by pressing the A button while the normal sail is deployed, and can be changed back to the normal sail by pressing A again. The upgrade is found at the Auction House on Windfall island after the completion of Dragon Roost Cavern.[1]""http://zeldawiki.org/Sail#Swift_Sail



    To quote the Zelda Wiki:""Exclusive to The Wind Waker HD, the Swift Sail is an upgrade to the Sail that enables the King of Red Lions to sail faster. Also, the Swift Sail automatically changes the direction of the wind to the boat's heading, thus making the King of Red Lions sail at full speed in all directions. This eliminates the need to play the Wind's Requiem when sailing. The Swift Sail is activated by pressing the A button while the normal sail is deployed, and can be changed back to the normal sail by pressing A again. The upgrade is found at the Auction House on...
      » 
Read More


   To quote the Zelda Wiki:""Exclusive to The Wind Waker HD, the Swift Sail is an upgrade to the Sail that enables the King of Red Lions to sail faster. Also, the Swift Sail automatically changes the direction of the wind to the boat's heading, thus making the King of Red Lions sail at full speed in all directions. This eliminates the need to play the Wind's Requiem when sailing. The Swift Sail is activated by pressing the A button while the normal sail is deployed, and can be changed back to the normal sail by pressing A again. The upgrade is found at the Auction House on Windfall island after the completion of Dragon Roost Cavern.[1]""http://zeldawiki.org/Sail#Swift_Sail
      « 

Show Less"
It's single player.
No it is a completely different game
Well if you havent played the game and you are a completionist at least 40 hours, if you are new to the game and you are just want to play it to finish from 16 to 20 hours.
It must have been upon release and or preorder. Because the one I ordered recently did not have a gold foil cover on it.
No, PS2 backward compatibility was dropped after the software capability of the 80GB fat model.  Hardware compatibility was only in the original 20 and 60 GB fat models.
If I was you I would contact the seller. If you are buying a used I team then it could have been human error on their end. If it is there fault,  and they refuse to correct there mistake I would contact Amazon, and they will muscle the seller or make their life miserable for you. Amazon has an amazing customer service team.
It comes with an AV and Power cable but not controller
Do you mean you can play online with people with later PS3 models, or PS4 users?
I apologize but I'm not sure exactly what your question is. Please give a little more detail so I may properly give you any answer to any questions you may have. Thank you
It mite but the one I got said it  came with a controller  but it didn't and not only that but the disk drive didn't even work so now I have to use it for parts
Yes
Yes but no controller
Yes, very well!
You need the activation code from the disk.
It really depends on if he also plays Diablo 3 or World of Warcraft. Collectors editions come with bonuses for all 3 of those games. For example, this one would give his D3 characters special wings & also an in-game pet for WoW.
I use a Mac Mini i5 2.5GHz with 8GB RAM. The game plays great for me, though I've only ran it on low settings. Out of all Blizzard games, SC2 plays the smoothest on my Mac. It should play fine on your machine, but recommended RAM is 4GB (2GB minimum). I'd go to at least the 4GB if you haven't already.
Sorry :/ just the box with the game inside
It should but I'm not a MAC user; it will probably have an update that will if the original doesn't though.
The laser and the battery life, most importantly, the battery life. The old model lasted a couple hours tops.
No its not. That is the 2013 model. They arent selling them on amazon yet.This is the older model.
Blue
Yes, this mouse is ambidextrous. Both sides of the mouse are a mirror image across the central axis. Be warned that it's hard to click the side buttons with your pinky. Well, it's easy to click them, but hard to click them on purpose.
Yeah, the mouse is completely symmetrical and has two buttons on each side, the built in software should let you switch it over depending on your preference
NO! It's for BlueTooth equipped devices.
yes.  it does have one.  the wheel works great.  when the bluetooth is working.
"Electrical outlet, yes.  This unit comes with a small amp box that requires you to plug in power.  There are two additional wires, one TosLink optical cable to go to the back of the xbox360, and then the actual wire to the headphones.  The headphones can be disconnected from the amp box, and adapter wire put on the end of the headphone wire, and you can plug them into your PC via the normal 1/8 inch headphone/microphone jacks.  Older xbox 360's with the removable HD have the optical output on the big plug that delivers video and sound out to your tv.  Newer xbox 360's have the optical out on the back of the box itself instead of on the wire adapter.  On our old xbox 360's, since we are using HDMI now, we bought $7 adapters that plug into the back of the xbox and have the optical TosLink on the end of them.



    Electrical outlet, yes. This unit comes with a small amp box that requires you to plug in power. There are two additional wires, one TosLink optical cable to go to the back of the xbox360, and then the actual wire to the headphones. The headphones can be disconnected from the amp box, and adapter wire put on the end of the headphone wire, and you can plug them into your PC via the normal 1/8 inch headphone/microphone jacks. Older xbox 360's with the removable HD have the optical output on the big plug that delivers video and sound out to your tv. Newer xbox 360's have the optical out on the...
      » 
Read More


   Electrical outlet, yes.  This unit comes with a small amp box that requires you to plug in power.  There are two additional wires, one TosLink optical cable to go to the back of the xbox360, and then the actual wire to the headphones.  The headphones can be disconnected from the amp box, and adapter wire put on the end of the headphone wire, and you can plug them into your PC via the normal 1/8 inch headphone/microphone jacks.  Older xbox 360's with the removable HD have the optical output on the big plug that delivers video and sound out to your tv.  Newer xbox 360's have the optical out on the back of the box itself instead of on the wire adapter.  On our old xbox 360's, since we are using HDMI now, we bought $7 adapters that plug into the back of the xbox and have the optical TosLink on the end of them.
      « 

Show Less"
It will not work on my PC it has a loud buzzing sound that is constant no matter what USB cable I use, But it works like a champ on my PS3.
It should work whitout any adapters. I use mine on the 360 but the box says it works with pc
Yes
Yes
Shouldn't be any issue getting it to work with the 1...I use my version on ps3/4 and the Xbox 1...no special setups
Yes
I hace the tritton 7.1 and it does have everything you need for the 360
Nope
no.  and the PC multiplayer community is very very small.  the only games i was able to get into was either team deathmatch or kill confirmed.  everything else had almost no one playing and could never get into a game.  if you are buying this for multiplayer...id pass.
Don't know.  I've only played it solo.
drm aka copy protection is present----but here---- I caution all PC SINGLE PLAYER users to read and learn what is printed on the box---x box and PS3 urses, multiplayers, that is another Ball game----my reference is for PC single player users ----if it is not multi disc, playable out of the box do not buy it ----plus the pretense (ghots) is not for military types----STEAM IS a VIRUS PERIOD!----
......a DVD drive maybe?
Yes, but you have to install steam preferably
I just think it's awesome to play in pc! But make sure ur pc is good enough to run it!
I'm using windows 8.1 pro and the game performed very well no problems. I hope you enjoy the game as much as I did!!Hope this helps.
Not that I know of.  English is the language of the creators, and the characters in the game.  Maybe there is a version somewhere in a country whose primary language is Spanish, otherwise, you will figure it out eventually
Unfortunately  YES.
yes
The controller originally sold with this console was wireless, but there was no controller included with mine as I bought mine used.
I believe you receive one controller and all the cables needed to play.
6 feet long
I myself do not own an F710 but I've seen it and held it in my hands. The answer to your question is yes its a bit thinner and lighter than the F710. What I like about these devices, they have a switch on the underside to switch from Dinput to Xinput. What that means is your device can be seen by very old games which support Dinput (old controllers style) and it can be set to play new games which support the Microsoft Xbox 360 controllers when switched to Xinput. Once set to Xinput any new games which support the Microsoft Xbox 360 controllers can be played by this device.
I'm not sure about the sega games but it has x input and direct input,which means the older games you can map the buttons to play them .The button mapper in on the cd that you get with the controller,hope that helps.
I don't have a PS3 but as far as I can tell it does not work on the PS3 console. Yes it does work on the Mac system, just plug it in and it should see your device and install the necessary drivers.
"Yes it will work on Steam providing that the game have support for controllers. For games that is on Steam which do not have controller support you can use an emulator like Pinnacle Game Profiler. You can go there website at ""pinnaclegameprofiler.com"" and download a thirty days full trial of the software to emulate games on Steam which do not have controller support.As to your second question...There is no dead-zone problem with this particular gaming device unless you bought it faulty or if it has taken a bad fall from you or someone else. One thing though as any other product, overtime as you put pressure on the analog sticks they will start to come of the dead-zone but that my be years from now or months from now depending on how often you use it for gaming. Sometimes lets say for e.g. a first person shooter game if you need to do some quick running or looking around and the tension in the game will have you putting pressure on the analog sticks, so that in itself will, after time throw off the dead-zone.



    Yes it will work on Steam providing that the game have support for controllers. For games that is on Steam which do not have controller support you can use an emulator like Pinnacle Game Profiler. You can go there website at ""pinnaclegameprofiler.com"" and download a thirty days full trial of the software to emulate games on Steam which do not have controller support.As to your second question...There is no dead-zone problem with this particular gaming device unless you bought it faulty or if it has taken a bad fall from you or someone else. One thing though as any...
      » 
Read More


   Yes it will work on Steam providing that the game have support for controllers. For games that is on Steam which do not have controller support you can use an emulator like Pinnacle Game Profiler. You can go there website at ""pinnaclegameprofiler.com"" and download a thirty days full trial of the software to emulate games on Steam which do not have controller support.As to your second question...There is no dead-zone problem with this particular gaming device unless you bought it faulty or if it has taken a bad fall from you or someone else. One thing though as any other product, overtime as you put pressure on the analog sticks they will start to come of the dead-zone but that my be years from now or months from now depending on how often you use it for gaming. Sometimes lets say for e.g. a first person shooter game if you need to do some quick running or looking around and the tension in the game will have you putting pressure on the analog sticks, so that in itself will, after time throw off the dead-zone.
      « 

Show Less"
plug it in your wii remote.. like u would the num chuck
Yes
No. It plugs directly into the Wii remote
Yes, it will work. The buttons are not in the same position as original N64 controller so takes some getting used to. I am not sure if this is because it is a generic controller or not. Possible non issue if go with brand name controller.
No
No
it plugs into the normal wii remote, so its wired to that but not to the console
Honestly dont buy this third party controller, my wiiU doesn't recognize it at all
Absolutely, had it for about two and a half years now and I'm a claw grip gamer, no complaints about comfort or button accessibility.
Sounds like you have roughly the same size hands as myself. I think you could comfortably use this mouse. It is slightly bigger than a standard mouse, and a decent bit bigger than most wireless mice. My favorite thing about this mouse is how comfortably it sits in hour hand after using for several hours.
Yes you can reprogram the buttons to certain options listed in the software, but the Storm tactic button (thumb button on the side) you can't change it for another function; however, Storm Tactics button allows you to set combinations built to offer 32 extra button outputs for macros, scripts, rapidfire which is useful for mmo games. There is a profile switcher button underneath the scroll wheel as well.
It is not wireless and yes it supports all versions of windows XP or later so yes 8.1 to.
lowest is 500 highest is 4000 here is a picture of the dpi   http://tinypic.com/?t=postupload
Yes, it ships as it would had it shipped directly from the manufacture.
It's a rechargeable battery.  This is not like most mice I've had that comes with a nub you plug into the laptop and takes regular batteries that last about a year. This comes with a battery like your cell phone would take. You plug the mouse into a charging cradle and then can play wireless, but the cradle has to stay plugged in.  The battery charge will only last a day (several hours), and then you'll either have to charge the mouse in the cradle or switch to the wired version.  The battery is replaceable.
Yes, all versions of the naga have tilt scroll wheels
Sorry, my mouse is not wireless so I can't answer that.  I don't like to click and have nothing happen or have the battery die at inopportune times.
Normal box and it come wired or wireless which ever one u want
He's it does
On The right side of the Xbox there is one cover. Open it. Place the Hard drive in the space provided, aligning properly and push it. Close the cover.
All together
Yes
Pretty sure that's what I have. I know it's a 360 and I think it was the smallest storage space when I bought it. It installed just fine once I figured out where it went
yes. It works fine and is easy to install. I purchased one for a friend and installed it for him, and it works fine.
Yes it will same reason that we purchased it.
Yes, that is exactly what I use mine for
Yes it does
Both yellow and grey thumbsticks are included.
It will not. A wobbly stick is caused by the joystick box, the thing you plug the rubber piece into. To fix a wobbly stick you either have to get a new controller or solder a different box on.
It's just one piece.
Extremely easy if you have the right screwdriver. They snap right in. The C stick may seem like it doesn't fit but it does, you just need to apply light pressure until the stick is firmly down. I had never opened up any of my controllers either and replacing four sets of Wavebird sticks took me less than a half hour.
There are 0 grey caps that come in the package. Its a Trick!
The game is free to play, it may give you 30 days of 'patron' status, which offers perks and bonuses, none of which is required to play or reach the max level.
"This version includes the base/ original game, which offers: 1 month of Patron status, 7,000 ""Loyalty"" points, unlock a total of 5 bag slots (F2P only has 3) on all characters (even existing/ already-created characters), and unlock a total of 6 character slots per shard (F2P only has 2). If you fail to receive any of these, contact Trion's Customer Service, preferably though their ""LiveChat"" feature (available to Patrons and ""Blue Loyalty"" or higher accounts only). You also get a mount, pet and 24-slot inventory bag. These items will be sent to you via in-game mail.



    This version includes the base/ original game, which offers: 1 month of Patron status, 7,000 ""Loyalty"" points, unlock a total of 5 bag slots (F2P only has 3) on all characters (even existing/ already-created characters), and unlock a total of 6 character slots per shard (F2P only has 2). If you fail to receive any of these, contact Trion's Customer Service, preferably though their ""LiveChat"" feature (available to Patrons and ""Blue Loyalty"" or higher accounts only). You also get a mount, pet and 24-slot inventory bag. These items will be sent to you via in-game...
      » 
Read More


   This version includes the base/ original game, which offers: 1 month of Patron status, 7,000 ""Loyalty"" points, unlock a total of 5 bag slots (F2P only has 3) on all characters (even existing/ already-created characters), and unlock a total of 6 character slots per shard (F2P only has 2). If you fail to receive any of these, contact Trion's Customer Service, preferably though their ""LiveChat"" feature (available to Patrons and ""Blue Loyalty"" or higher accounts only). You also get a mount, pet and 24-slot inventory bag. These items will be sent to you via in-game mail.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it has everything in the base game plus additional items like a mount
As far as I can understand you can buy this Collector's Edition and add the keycode from the box to your existing account and receive all the different items the Collector's Edition offers.However, if you're only interested in the digital in-game items of this Edition you can upgrade to a Digital Collector's Edition here; https://rift.trionworlds.com/products/view-product?code=RIFT_COLLECTORS_UP_TRION_PREHope that helps.
Yes, they stack.  I bought two of them around Black Friday and activated them both immediately.
Only for psn acount registrate in usa
of course u can. in this very moment i am in Argentina and i have my PS4 whit me, and i playing BF4.
You will receive an email with the link for the code and once you get it give it to the person you want and that's all to it. Very simple painless process. Great gift for a gamer as well.
If you buy a PS commonly they will give you 1 or 3 free months, it depends on the promotion, it is included on the bundle, but it will expire then you will not be able to play some games, this code will give you a full year, you can use it when your subscription expire.
When you redeem the code on the PS4
Yes
I Suggest you to create a new PSN account, but instead of creating the account in Egipt, create it as a US account. this way you can get the best free games and you wont have any problem. in my case, I'm from Argentina, and my PSN Account is from the US
As many as you want
Si
Yes.
Aye to both.
"if you correctly installed it it shouldn't say demo. under the steam menu, click ""games"" then ""activate a product on Steam"". enter your seiral key, and it should bring up the installation menu. that's what I did and it worked fine."
No, this first edition is only for pc. If you want to use on a mac then you have to get rocksmith 2014 edition, that one is mac or pc. I will tell you this make sure your mac and or pc meants games requirements. I have both editions and my mac doesnt meet requirements. I had to upgrade a pc. Hope that helps. I love both editions.
Yes. I'm currently using Rocksmith and Rocksmith 2014 on Windows 8.
New song list and some tweaks to the game play.  For some the changes will be superficial, but for some they are significant (like the ability to set the difficulty level).  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocksmith_2014
I got the cable. Everything was included with my purchase.
"For the main ""Story"" part of the game, it is a single player. That part is NOT co-op.  There are Missions and Bingo Battle that are two player. My husband and I are addicted to playing the Missions which are co-op and very fun."
It is compatible with it however I have not personally used it with one (because it is easier to point and aim with a wiimote, I think).
Game is out of print
unlikely. Originally Nintendo said that Gamecube controller would be supported by anything that uses a pro controller, but they updated later that it would only be supported with Smash. They might change their mind again, but currently the answer is no.
No, they guide you through the first section how to play. Very easy to play beat the game in a month for a girl who's in her early 20s.
It very well could be. The controls for the game aren't very complicated, but the premise of the game can be. I would recommend Pikmin for kids in the 7-12 range due to the problem solving aspects as well as the impending frustration from some of the tougher parts of the game. If she's a problem-solver and has good hand eye coordination, it might be worth a shot! Plus, you could always play it too and it is definitely a really fun game. I'm 28 and I love it.
It's because there is not a supply of them in the U.S. It's a very rare to find one new at a store anywhere.
yes works great
Not well, you can use it driving but there are buttons missing to walk around so you can't walk without switching controllers :(
"Just like on the Xbox's main controllers, there is a connectivity button that needs to be pressed (on the back in the center of the wheel). So as you would with the main controller's press the button on the wheel that makes the lights show that they are searching for the console, and then press the small circular button on the console that is near the power button. Once they have become in sync with one another, the controller will flash a few times and then tell you which user the wheel is (ie 1, 2, 3, or 4). If this didn't help answer your question, https://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-360/accessories/wireless-speed-wheel



    Just like on the Xbox's main controllers, there is a connectivity button that needs to be pressed (on the back in the center of the wheel). So as you would with the main controller's press the button on the wheel that makes the lights show that they are searching for the console, and then press the small circular button on the console that is near the power button. Once they have become in sync with one another, the controller will flash a few times and then tell you which user the wheel is (ie 1, 2, 3, or 4). If this didn't help answer your question,...
      » 
Read More


   Just like on the Xbox's main controllers, there is a connectivity button that needs to be pressed (on the back in the center of the wheel). So as you would with the main controller's press the button on the wheel that makes the lights show that they are searching for the console, and then press the small circular button on the console that is near the power button. Once they have become in sync with one another, the controller will flash a few times and then tell you which user the wheel is (ie 1, 2, 3, or 4). If this didn't help answer your question, https://support.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-360/accessories/wireless-speed-wheel
      « 

Show Less"
"There are different settings to choose from. I set mine to use the up and down buttons on the D Pad (in the picture, it's located on the top left of the controller). I think you can choose to use the ""Y"" and ""A"" buttons as well and I don't remember what other options there were. Probably ""X"" and ""B"" would work."
Will not work with forza.  It 'does'  but this controller doesn't have the right and left bumper buttons,  making gear shifting and other functions impossible
Yes
Very good
AA batteries. Understand that it doesn't support gear changing or clutch, so you'll have to work in Automatic shifting mode. It does make driving Forza 3 and 4 a lot more fun, however, and once you get used to driving with the triggers as throttle and brake, it gets to be pretty easy to do and is a lot more like driving than a basic controller.
"It is not and ""Only"" online game.  You may play the single player missions and/or play online multiplayer games."
as per the warehouse: the game. i can not tell whether there are instructions but, nothing else special. it's up to the buyer. some people still like having a tangible item to put on their shelf.  best, iwd
The game is on the disc.  You install it from there, but it will need to download and install whatever patches came out after the disc was made.
Yes!   Regards, IWD
Probably not for the disk version. There's a steam version but I think it's digital only. For the disk version you'll get to use uplay. Yay!
It will work but it is only 1000 mA. That is smaller than the 1800 mA they came with your system. Almost all the replacement batteries are 1800 mAh.   This will only hold a charge about half as long as the battery that came with your system.  It will work, but you will probably regret paying twice as much for half the battery. Like I do.
It plays fine for me after a full charge, although I don't play it very long at a time.  Probably 2 hours max play time.  I did drain it fully the first time after I charged it fully - and it took over 2 hours to drain, but I only turned off all power save features, and was not using any network.  My complaint with the battery is that it drains when NOT in use.  So, I have it fully charged, and then 2 weeks later it is completely dead. It does charge up again ok. The reason I purchased this one is that the battery has a 1 yr warranty.
have you guys looked at the pre-order bonus?? you get resistance 3 for free....
@batista Your TV is probably using passive 3D which means that when you are in 3D mode, the image resolution is split in half.  This is using active 3D, which buying as an add-on can cost you around $300 itself.
It will come out in November and will now be bundle with MotorStorm: Apocalypse instead of Resistance 3: see FAQ on this page http://us.playstation.com/ps3/accessories/sony-playstation-3d-display-ps3.html
It's important to note that Sony is probably crippling SimulView capability through EDID, so that in addition needing games that support it (most currently do jot) and glasses that support it (most currently do not) it is probably also necessary to have an EDID spoofer which fools the PS3 into thinking the monitor attached is the Sony SimulView (tm).
Never listen to the contrast ratio provided by manufacturers unless they're talking about static contrast. Anyone can throw out a ridiculous number out there like 1000000000:1, there isn't a standardized way of measuring contrast.
"You can hook up anything to it that can be done so via HDTV or component cables.  However, in regards to your title asking if it has ""normal tv functions"", it does NOT have a built in tuner.  This is why Tretton called it a monitor, rather than a TV."
This was going to be a sellin point for me, I would love to hook it up to my computer in the office and bring the PS3 in there as well, Hope they all play well together
Just FYI if you play multiplayer online the hmz does not have a mic so how r we gonna converse with other players...if they fix this I'd get it.
I contacted Amazon customer service and rep forwarded questions regarding the pre-order bonus to marketing. Will get an answer one way or another in 1-2 business days. Let's hope the Resistance 3 bonus comes back to Amazon!
I have one mounted, but it is NOT a standard VESA mount.  It's not even square; it's rectangular.  I had to cut my own adapter plate from another piece of rack mount hardware.  I consulted with a Sony Store clerk before I did it.  He suggested making your own adapter.  But it can be done.  I mounted mine on an arm.  There's a subwoofer on the back, and if you mount it on the wall, you'll be covering and muffling it, but it can be done.
Yes if you stop being an fget
no. it the standard 3.5mm, also, it may not work with cordless phone handset as you also requires usb as well.
Hello, The Trigger headset comes equipped with an HDMI adapter that will allow for the RCA connection to be bypassed.
Yes. You can remove the Mic if you're just listening to music and the cable coming from the headset is a 3.5 mm standard for most regular audio services. So again short answer yes for sure.
Yes
No.
You can download everything onto the computer.  You don't need to have the DVD in the drive after you've downloaded it.
There is no complete list on this DVD. Instead you have make enough money in one slot in order to purchase another slot so that's how you will see the other games
Sorry, I can't answer that. I have Windows Vista and it works fine on my PC. Good luck!
It plays well.  I have not had any problems.
Hi Danny I have not seen any as of yet jeannie
You need to install it but no I do not use the cd. I play it without being on the internet. It puts a i con up and you go to it and it comes up for you to play.
ipads run on iOS operating system (like iphones).  The system requirement printed on the box is Windows (XP, Vista, 7, or higher
yes, but you must be connected to internet. It will not load on a computer not connected.  A little hard to install but if you follow the instructions carefully it will install.
Not on this game.
This game is make for both computers
V1
About 12cm or 4,12 inches
Yes it worked
It's about 6ft.
It does not say but I love it
I wasn't aware of a high pitch whine with the G9X. Mine works flawlessly thus far.
"Yes it is the same basic mouse, this one just has the ""Call of Duty' graphic on the mouse grip and comes with a mouse pad."
yes, it certainly does. you can just plug it in and use the native windows driver or download and install the Logitech software for it.
Most consoles now days dont use av cables. Mine came with HDMI cable and that was it. If you have wifi its easy to set up too.
Most games, yes, but the are a good amount that are either non functional, or not fully functional.
Yes
I had to buy the battery pack with a cord that plugs into the controller in order for the controller to work. You could also use regular batteries in order to get the controller to work, but I just went with the battery pack with a cord. I bought the battery pack from Gamestop, but I'm sure Wal-Mart or K-Mart have them also. Hope this answers your question.
Yes
No cables, you can get them from the game store for 20 bucks
I am not the seller.
You can most definitely use your old saves, the only difference between this game and the original release is that the DLC is included. The rest is the same. Hope this helps! :)
Yes, the ultimate edition has the original game plus a 2nd disc with all the dlc for you to download. You would be able to use the content from the original game and not lose it.
No you do not just put in the game and play at any time you can install the dlc. I know because this is my 2nd copy of the game. I got halfway through the story and this was on sale so i bought it and installed, it works fine and I enjoy me Dlcs
Most definitely! The install disc can be used on multiple consoles and as many times as you need it.
It's like far cry
Its best to install it on the hard drive
I've never played on the regular version, this is the only one I've played
Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegas are both really great games, they also take place in two completely different places. Fallout New Vegas is the newest Fallout from Bethesda. But I would highly recommend playing Fallout 3 before New Vegas just so you can get the full effect of the current status of the Fallout world.
Some of that edition did technically have Spanish. But I think a manual work-around is:Games Library-->                          (rt-clk) to fallout new vegas in list-->                                                                         Properties -->                                                                                       Language Tab
FONV is similar to FO3 in concept. FONV is different in that it dumps you right into the action with more creatures and gangs. As with FO3 it has several DLCs  too. The graphics are slightly improved. Of course the setting is pretty cool. Please do finish FO3, good fun.
Yes. It is a split screen (top bottom).
GT5 XL adds a few special downloadable cars/tracks etc.  GT5 is the full game, but the XL version includes content that came out after the initial release of GT5.  If you bought GT5 and wanted the extra cars, you'd have to pay to download them.  GT6 has a different interface, but many reviews said that GT5 was the purer game.  Read some reviews on GT6 and GT5 to see what you think.
Says BCUS and it does have the Spanish language option.
No
Yes it can.
It has 2-player split screen play in Arcade mode or online multiplayer.
Yep, it works perfectly on Windows XP, 7 and 8. I use it on my Windows 8 machine with no issues.
"Your question is too general for a simple ""Yes/No"" answer. I assume you are referring to the buttons and switches in the cockpit simulations?Firstly, it depends upon which aircraft simulation you are using - some of them, like the Cessna 172 are well-supported, and others have less complete support. Most of the commercially available plane simulations for X-Plane have very well-equipped simulationsThen, what do you mean ""do what they are supposed to do"". Switches for flaps, and turning on an off lights etc normally are pretty realistic. Some of the more complex GPS navigational equipment is not 100% identical in function to the equipment in the real aircraft, but most normal users are unlikely to be affected by that. Most radio navigational equipment works as expected.Generally X-Plane cockpit simulations are pretty good.



    Your question is too general for a simple ""Yes/No"" answer. I assume you are referring to the buttons and switches in the cockpit simulations?Firstly, it depends upon which aircraft simulation you are using - some of them, like the Cessna 172 are well-supported, and others have less complete support. Most of the commercially available plane simulations for X-Plane have very well-equipped simulationsThen, what do you mean ""do what they are supposed to do"". Switches for flaps, and turning on an off lights etc normally are pretty realistic. Some of...
      » 
Read More


   Your question is too general for a simple ""Yes/No"" answer. I assume you are referring to the buttons and switches in the cockpit simulations?Firstly, it depends upon which aircraft simulation you are using - some of them, like the Cessna 172 are well-supported, and others have less complete support. Most of the commercially available plane simulations for X-Plane have very well-equipped simulationsThen, what do you mean ""do what they are supposed to do"". Switches for flaps, and turning on an off lights etc normally are pretty realistic. Some of the more complex GPS navigational equipment is not 100% identical in function to the equipment in the real aircraft, but most normal users are unlikely to be affected by that. Most radio navigational equipment works as expected.Generally X-Plane cockpit simulations are pretty good.
      « 

Show Less"
Shelly, I Have A Brand New Acer Computer With A 64 Bit System And All The Necessary Equipment To Run xplane 10, My Problem Is Not The Computer. It Is Setting Up The Game Operation. For Instance, I Can't Get The Null Zones Properly Set For Positive Control Of The Airplanes, In Addition, The Throttle Will Not Decrease To 600 Rpm During Landing Approach, It Decreased To 1000 rpm. Very Hard To Control Landings.my Last Flt Sim. Game Was 95, Lots Of Changes Plus This Game Is More REal. I Am Going To Contact X-Plane Support For Both Problems. It's Getting Better. Thank You
You need to contact the vendor directly. This is for questions about how to use the product or its features.
It only states that you will need 75gb for the entire scenery.
Yes, but highly recommend you go to Windows 7.  Skip 8!
Well, the ome I got, come on the disc.
Yes, it does.
It's a disc.
Yes you should, unless the Disc Type is not compatible in Japan or on Japanese (as u say) PS3 devices. Mine is BLUS30902GH
It is a Blu Ray game. It has excellent quality I used to have it on 360 and it looks tons better with the Blu Ray format.
It was suppose to be a lot of things it is not, Kit.  I give it a thumbs down.  Sue
"The game has been changed dramatically. Depending on what you liked in the game may lead to disappointment. With that being said, I may not have liked the game,but that was mainly because of my own expectations.you may find that the game is actually quite good. I simply want a beautified and modernized simcity 4...but others may want something different. What I will say is this, don't read the reviews, watch the videos of the game play and decide for yourself. It is true that companies can ruin games or franchises that we love, but everyone is different. I wish you luck and I really hope that you can find a.product that you.rnjoy as much as simcity for myself and command and conquer for you.



    The game has been changed dramatically. Depending on what you liked in the game may lead to disappointment. With that being said, I may not have liked the game,but that was mainly because of my own expectations.you may find that the game is actually quite good. I simply want a beautified and modernized simcity 4...but others may want something different. What I will say is this, don't read the reviews, watch the videos of the game play and decide for yourself. It is true that companies can ruin games or franchises that we love, but everyone is different. I wish you luck and I really hope...
      » 
Read More


   The game has been changed dramatically. Depending on what you liked in the game may lead to disappointment. With that being said, I may not have liked the game,but that was mainly because of my own expectations.you may find that the game is actually quite good. I simply want a beautified and modernized simcity 4...but others may want something different. What I will say is this, don't read the reviews, watch the videos of the game play and decide for yourself. It is true that companies can ruin games or franchises that we love, but everyone is different. I wish you luck and I really hope that you can find a.product that you.rnjoy as much as simcity for myself and command and conquer for you.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, when you buy it from Amazon you'll get a code to download from EA Origin.
Yes, you can play offline now. Still plenty of bugs that will likely never be fixed but the game is playable and fun.
I would wait to see the reviews of it after it's released then compare to Simcity.
Yes. I am currently running on a Windows 8.1
They made off-line play available after the initial release. Every version should be able to play off-line now.
You will get a key.
You need one to sign in to origin. There is an offline mode though. I am not sure that he will have fun with it. I haven't played it in some time due to difficulty with new interface. Simcity 4 if you want fun.
"If you downloaded it from amazon, you will need to download the origin ""app"" onto your computer. Once downloaded create an account with origin and register your product key with it and it will open right up"
It makes long play sessions more comfortable, and it outlines the back touchpad for less frequent accidental hits. I purchased specifically for comfort while using for remote play (PS4). For less than $3 it is well worth it IMO.
Yes, I have the 1000 series and it fits like a glove.
I'm not sure I got it for my ps vita the very first one that came out
I don't believe so, but I could be wrong.
For the most part it is not textured. It has a sort of matte paint feel, kind of like gamepads (xbox 360, ps3). On the right side of the mouse it is textured with a rubber material to help you keep your grip.
They are prgramable with the ability to do more then one button at a time so you could program Ctrl+c to copy as a button. Only problem I had was making the shift key function as a programble button such as Ctrl but you can program the shift functions and it works with shift key then.
"All of the buttons are amazingly responsive. The only issue I have with the mouse is that there's no place to rest your thumb other than a button, so when you ""white-knuckle"" the mouse during combat, you may unintentionally hit a thumb button. The thumb buttons are angled so you can easily identify without looking down which button your thumb is resting on. The Naga Razor doesn't have this feature. All the buttons on the Naga are flush, so you have to look to see where your thumb is."
You can, but it's probably going to be a bit less effective than a grip that doesn't rely heavily on the thumb for movement. I have no idea how I played MMOs before this mouse. It even has massive utility for the FPS games I play. I would change my grip style to use it & never look back. :)
Well the one on the top is to mode switch and the one that is raised up is an extra button. the mouse is awesome trust me.
As far as I have been able to find out with light research, Logitech is probably trying to get more money for the same product just different color and call it a special. I doubt the cost is actually increased or any real reason beyond that.I personally wouldn't want a white mouse though, simply because black hides dirt and grime better. But a white mouse would probably prompt more frequent cleanings.
Yes
yes
You can use old skylanders on new portals but not always vis ver sa.
They are regular size. Not as big as Tree Rex
No, it will not work with the ds but will work with the wii U. You have to buy the 3ds starter kit to get the right portal the good news they are completly  different games and you get pop fiz with 3ds and of course you can use all the figures on both games.
The actual figure will work on any platform, but the game needs to be specific to you machine. So you would need to buy the starter pack for an Xbox 360.
Yes
This should work on the wii system with no problem.  My grandson has the Skylanders & the Skylanders Giant.
No....the Skylanders swap force figures do not work on the portal of the Skylander Giants game.
Yes you can. But make sure at least have the latest version. Though I would not buy this game. Trust me 1 barely die 2 need to buy things to get hats 3 finish to quick 4 character needs to rest 5 just a scam. Yet if you bought it try to make it last and get a lot. You will waste your money so fast. BAD GAME
No, now there are a few keys that are, macro keys and the volume knob are, but the keyboard it self is not. I suggest that you buy a USB powered light and plug it into the extra USB port on back of the unit.
"2"" between those key"
http://www.aziocorp.com/en/content/11-warranty
Yes, It comes with software to change the macros.
Yes
Good firm plastic
Key caps are nice. Not silky like a K 70 but not super rough. My wasd keys are only slightly faded after 1.5 years or so
I'm not positive but I have mine running from under my desk and through the back of desk and I can sit it in my lap and recline in my big mens chair is say about six feet but I don't have a tape measure
Correct. If you want something to happen u have to assign it at the azio app
"I do not see any compatibility options for MAC OS online. As a USB 2.0 connection, they are compatible to a certain extent, but are NOT 100% compatible with each other considering the ""WIN"" function that has programmable keys available with Windows software."
It comes with everything you need. Just follow the instructions booklet inside. It's real simple.
No just Xbox 360
It works perfectly with PC, I have no idea why they don't specify
In my opinion. No. I've had to get the actual headset replaced four times, and bought multiple parts. This is a huge hassle and customer service was very bad.
Yes it is not a wireless headset.
The mic is decent however unreliable, the headset is not great quality. I've had two randomly stop working. On materials being poor quality. Invest in Astro's.
I, unfortunately, don't know as the company didn't send me the USB version, they sent me just a regular controller for the regular N64 console. I would look into a different seller, personally.
No. The slot is there, but only for aesthetic purposes.
Very authentic. Though I will say the first time you play it it can feel a bit stiff. But pay with it a little bit and it will start to loosen up
If you're asking if it works with the retro system itself, it does not. Works for computer emulators. However, if you're asking if it works on a Nintendo emulator, it does. I use this controller for gameboy, NES, super nintendo and N64. You just map out the buttons in the controller input setting and map the buttons to whatever feels comfortable for you
It's not really worth it for the authentic feel. I would recommend a N64 usbadapter instead and no, it's not compatible with Wii-U or any console for that! Hope I could help out! :)
"Well the plastic mold that you hold has the hole neccesary to allow that. But if you try to look through it you see there is no port, no way for actual electronic pieces to connect. I hope im making myself clear. Also when i connected mine, windows read it like ""generic vibrator joystick"" or something like that. But i havent seen mine do that. Not that it maters to me. Hope I was helpful."
You need to uninstall the USB Driver then restart your computer this will not hurt your computer as it will reinstall the drivers automatically when you boot your PC back up here is a link on how to uninstall your USB drives on youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8vXprEuAqMHope this helpsI work on and build Custom PC's for a living with over 3.5 years Experience I have my CompTIA A+ Certification and My Crisco Networking CertificationTommy R.
sorry for late respond my friend.... I use mine anywhere, right now i'm using it on a book XD... the only place that it can not be use is on glass, well, you can not use any mouse on glass field... I hope this answer helps you :)
Of course.Any wired mouse is compatable with any operating system as long as your computer has a USB port (Your computer has a USB port).
I dont know... but is a very good mouse! assembled with high quality components
No
Yes
I had the double clicking happen, then it decided to just quit on me one day. quality is not goof.
Mine is about 4 and a half feet
Cobra DPI switches from 400/800/1600, the Mazer switches from 500/1250/1750/2500. The Cobra is red, Mazer is blue. Other than that they appear very similar. If you like a much higher DPI which is basically more sensitivity, the Mazer would work better.
no, i don't think it will be a problem because i sweat when i play games too and it works perfect!
Yes
Yes, this mouse does have a left-right and middle scroll buttons, but you may need to go to the website to get the newest drivers to get everything to work properly.
The mouse and its software work with Mac OS. Just as a side note, you will have to download the software for the mouse off of their downloads site in order to get the full benefit of the mouse (http://madcatz.com/downloads/).
I used it on Mint, and got it working, but it didn't perform as well as it did on windows. It broke and they wouldn't honor the warranty so I can't test on my current distro. I would say go with something else for Linux.
I'm pretty sure there is, however I had the same issue and they refused to honor the warranty.
It is not programmable, sorry about that.
Yeah Vita is region free. I played it on my US Vita. It's just the DLC you'll have to worry about. If you want that your Vita need to be using a japanese account to use the DLC.
The one I bought here was all Japanese, though I do know there is a American limited edition.
No.
if they aren't selling the region free one just go on play-asia and buy the game from there they have a region-free version there for sell.
"Hey,I am not entirely sure what part of the game you are specifying so I will just try to answer it with the following information:There are 3 different camera angles in this game: there is an over the shoulder third person view; an isometric perspective/ dungeon crawler angle (games like Diablo 3); and then one thats just more of zoomed out 3rd person perspective. If you play with the over the shoulder third person view then you will be moving/strafing your character with WASD and your combat will be based on a combo of the keyboard (inventory/weapon/style selection) and mouse (mouse is used for aiming, and sword fighting because the game uses a mechanic where you click the mouse at specific times for the ideal swing). If you play with the isometric view then you can just use the mouse for movement and combat, with the keyboard being used for inventory, weapon, sword style selection. Hope that helps!



    Hey,I am not entirely sure what part of the game you are specifying so I will just try to answer it with the following information:There are 3 different camera angles in this game: there is an over the shoulder third person view; an isometric perspective/ dungeon crawler angle (games like Diablo 3); and then one thats just more of zoomed out 3rd person perspective. If you play with the over the shoulder third person view then you will be moving/strafing your character with WASD and your combat will be based on a combo of the keyboard (inventory/weapon/style...
      » 
Read More


   Hey,I am not entirely sure what part of the game you are specifying so I will just try to answer it with the following information:There are 3 different camera angles in this game: there is an over the shoulder third person view; an isometric perspective/ dungeon crawler angle (games like Diablo 3); and then one thats just more of zoomed out 3rd person perspective. If you play with the over the shoulder third person view then you will be moving/strafing your character with WASD and your combat will be based on a combo of the keyboard (inventory/weapon/style selection) and mouse (mouse is used for aiming, and sword fighting because the game uses a mechanic where you click the mouse at specific times for the ideal swing). If you play with the isometric view then you can just use the mouse for movement and combat, with the keyboard being used for inventory, weapon, sword style selection. Hope that helps!
      « 

Show Less"
Both, The game has three modes for movement. Two use the mouse , one uses WSAD and the mouse to look around. Each is basically how you see things(Its all a third person view). You use the keyboard for quick actions or you can click through the HUD. Its a fun game. The Enhanced Edition comes with a lot of extras contained in its files.
The disc version may be( or available as a stand alone version). I bought the PC version  steam code off of Amazon because they had it on sale. Steam does not have this in a Mac version.
It connects via audio ports, not USB. You should have no problems.
foam
yes and they are very nice
Yes it definitely is!
YES
yes it does. but remember that this is not a jitter, so it will not make automatics faster, only make them slower. but single shots fire like lightning, on number 4 setting. pop pop pop goes my 57 on hc and does goes the whole team. :D
Yes
That's made by Lighting Modz for the Xbox 360 sold through Amazon. Go back to the AMAZON page you purchased it on. on the right side of the page it will ask for a rating. below the rating area is a contact section to contact the company. when you do make sure your e-mail address is noted. Explain your problem and ask them to email the instruction sheet. when you get the sheet make copies as the paper gets worn. It's a good product for the Xbox 360. They have one for the Xbox one but it's hard to get.
There are 17 modes you can change.
Yes, the key caps pop off easily enough, without damage, to swap the Y and the Z for the German QWERTZ layout. The region keyboard settings however are built into Windows itself.For Windows 7 Users - Region and Language  - Keyboards and Languages   - Change Keyboard    - General - Installed Services - Add    - German (Germany)      -  Keyboard      - Germany (Check Box)       - Click OK twice
No, it is the membrane keyboard
No, it does not have a mic, but it has a mic plug-in port, and it has an microphone app on the eye where you can control the volume.
Might want to make sure you have the most up to date drivers, turn off everything and unplug all of the cables on the keyboard and make sure the ports are clean(use some air duster or whatever) . Or could try reinstalling the drivers and software.  Hope that helps! If not you might have a faulty one on your hands.. But that would be surprising.
Yes
No, and a ton of wires!
Works great on mac. However the configuration program doesn't run on Mac, so if you want to change the settings for the mouse you have to do it on a PC. The mouse remembers the settings after you set them, so you only have to do this once.
From my palm to my index finger is about 6 1/2 inches. I can rest my hand on the mouse with the heel of my palm on the table and my index and middle finger rest comfortably on the 2 mouse buttons. This still allows my thumb to manipulate he three buttons at the thumb rest too.
It does not click, but the wheel has enough resistance that it doesn't move around too wildly.
"it felt a bit cheap when it isn't loaded with weights, but then again i like heavy mice. The plastic i feel should be less glossy and more of a matte finish. The heat from a persons hand tends to make it feel sticky over time and I'm constantly readjusting so there's a bit more glide between mouse movements. The material on top of the mouse would be a better replacement to the plastic right palm side. The mouse wheel feels a bit odd and stiff to scroll, but i believe it'll go away once it's more broken in. The mouse is pretty nice and is wide enough that my hand can comfortably hold it. I still need some further time with it though to see how it is in the long run of gaming. Still it is a pretty nice mouse though for the price.



    it felt a bit cheap when it isn't loaded with weights, but then again i like heavy mice. The plastic i feel should be less glossy and more of a matte finish. The heat from a persons hand tends to make it feel sticky over time and I'm constantly readjusting so there's a bit more glide between mouse movements. The material on top of the mouse would be a better replacement to the plastic right palm side. The mouse wheel feels a bit odd and stiff to scroll, but i believe it'll go away once it's more broken in. The mouse is pretty nice and is wide enough that my hand can comfortably hold it. I...
      » 
Read More


   it felt a bit cheap when it isn't loaded with weights, but then again i like heavy mice. The plastic i feel should be less glossy and more of a matte finish. The heat from a persons hand tends to make it feel sticky over time and I'm constantly readjusting so there's a bit more glide between mouse movements. The material on top of the mouse would be a better replacement to the plastic right palm side. The mouse wheel feels a bit odd and stiff to scroll, but i believe it'll go away once it's more broken in. The mouse is pretty nice and is wide enough that my hand can comfortably hold it. I still need some further time with it though to see how it is in the long run of gaming. Still it is a pretty nice mouse though for the price.
      « 

Show Less"
Oh yeah. I use it every day at work because I use a lot of shortcut keys and since there are 9 on the mouse that you can make whatever you want, it works great!
the mouse wheel clicks but only down not left and right.
6 feet long.
No it does not.
For some reason I got an email of this question, I bought the 4000 dpi version and you can't set it like you asked. I did read the 4000 has less options in the software that comes with it compared to the more expensive higher dpi versions. Probably doesn't help but the best I can do.
Great overall mouse that easily compares to others 3-4x its price.
My guess is Steam is just Steam with no national connection. If you are already downloading from Steam then it should work.
"I am not a fan of multi-player games so I very infrequently access this facet of any game. I can say however that I did access the multi-player game, and yes, there are plenty of online players for those that would like to engage in this form of the game. I have accessed this through the game itself, and also through the ""Steam"" web site. (steamcommunity.com) You will have to judge for yourself, the value of either."
Yes it works i am playing it on windows 8
Worked fine for me in New Zealand
Yes it is a Steam key that you are given.
"Well that's the way I did it. On the main steam window, at the bottom left corner, there should be some text that says ""add a game"". Click on that, and then click on ""activate a product on Steam"". You should redeem your code there."
"You don't have to download this game from Amazon. Download steam from steampowered.com and open your games library then click the ""Games"" menu then click ""Activate a Product on Steam"". Follow the wizard to add your product key which you would have received in email from Amazon and the game will work."
It should work as far as I know.
Yes
it should but not 100% guarranteed
NO, it needs phantom model
it should but I am not 100% sure
Yes, the Xbox 360 Talkback Cable will work with the PX5 headset.
i don't think so judging by the pictures on the triton website the cable looks like it is permanently fixed into the headset itself, if your having issues i'd say your best bet is to take them back to the store and exchange them. or check out the website  http://www.trittonaudio.com/prod/parts.asp
Its 2.5mm. The same size as the xbox controller jack for both ends
"I was initially turned off by the voice acting. Especially the timing and translation; the Tales series has so much tie-in to Japanese culture that it doesn't feel right when subtle expressions become generic commeents. Maybe I will try to enjoy it anyways, but it may be one of the few Tales games I'm willing to trade in.  I rarely trade in games because I always think I might want to replay it, and most games sell for just enough to cover the gas to and from the store.Language truly matters; putting together a dual-audio version involves putting the Japanese audio that is already fully voiced on a Blu-ray which  has much storage space.  There will be a lot of synching and possibly remastering, but that's worth it to produce a quality product that affords Tales fans the option to hear the voices of the original cast.English voice actors who stand in for Japanese voice actors do not seem to have anything near the drive to consistently portray their character, in a way that does not inhibit the player's immersion; likely the character they portray is built around a Japanese archetype that may be similar to one in their own culture, but not exactly alike.  They know we want the option, otherwise they wouldn't have made others in the series dual-audio, but don't seem to understand how this can make or break your game experience.



    I was initially turned off by the voice acting. Especially the timing and translation; the Tales series has so much tie-in to Japanese culture that it doesn't feel right when subtle expressions become generic commeents. Maybe I will try to enjoy it anyways, but it may be one of the few Tales games I'm willing to trade in. I rarely trade in games because I always think I might want to replay it, and most games sell for just enough to cover the gas to and from the store.Language truly matters; putting together a dual-audio version involves putting the Japanese audio that is...
      » 
Read More


   I was initially turned off by the voice acting. Especially the timing and translation; the Tales series has so much tie-in to Japanese culture that it doesn't feel right when subtle expressions become generic commeents. Maybe I will try to enjoy it anyways, but it may be one of the few Tales games I'm willing to trade in.  I rarely trade in games because I always think I might want to replay it, and most games sell for just enough to cover the gas to and from the store.Language truly matters; putting together a dual-audio version involves putting the Japanese audio that is already fully voiced on a Blu-ray which  has much storage space.  There will be a lot of synching and possibly remastering, but that's worth it to produce a quality product that affords Tales fans the option to hear the voices of the original cast.English voice actors who stand in for Japanese voice actors do not seem to have anything near the drive to consistently portray their character, in a way that does not inhibit the player's immersion; likely the character they portray is built around a Japanese archetype that may be similar to one in their own culture, but not exactly alike.  They know we want the option, otherwise they wouldn't have made others in the series dual-audio, but don't seem to understand how this can make or break your game experience.
      « 

Show Less"
Unfortunately, there's no solid copy strategy guide in English. However, there are many excellent strategy guides/walkthroughs available to read online. The ones at gamefaqs stand out above the others, and have in-depth information on characters, storyline, as well as trophy guides. Here's the link: http://www.gamefaqs.com/ps3/616012-tales-of-xillia/faqs.Hope this helps.
None of the tales games really go together, except for games like xillia+xillia 2. Any game would be fine.
Yes, both text and voice dialogue are in English.
Far better. Final fantasy is a dying breed, and the tales series is perfect in every way final fantasy isn't.
Yup! Battles only of course and not until you have enough party members.
Yes, this is the Official States release. But third-party sellers like to list other versions under the NA release sometimes so be careful. You're best bet is to contact the seller directly and ask what region it is. This happened to me once. Good luck.
Yes it is but when you link to a character only one person can use the pair
Seemed similar.  I hated this keyboard, though.  I returned it after a week.Several of the buttons double type. For example, one press of the space bar gives 2-3 spaces every ten times.  Drove me crazy
"It is difficult to measure, due to the beveled edges, but it measures 20 5/16 inches (20.31"")."
They are just a different color.
Back light is toggled on/off with a button on the keyboard. As far as I know, there is no way to time it. You can customize the colors and switch them with the profile and macro keys.
Hi James, it's not wireless. Let me know if you have any other questions. :)
"Honestly, I don't know what mechanical means in this context.  All I can relate, is the keyboard is comfortable to type on. The keys are quite responsive and have good tactile responsiveness. The programming of keys can be a little daunting at first, but the tutorial is fairly straightforward. Only complaint I have is the very close proximity of the Caps Lock key to the ""A"" key.  Gets annoying when when you hit that rather than the ""A.""  Actually it's really a pain in the posterior.  Still looking for a Caps Lock command. It's a good keyboard as far as I'm concerned, and would recommend it as an entry level type of gaming accessory.  Hope this helps.



    Honestly, I don't know what mechanical means in this context. All I can relate, is the keyboard is comfortable to type on. The keys are quite responsive and have good tactile responsiveness. The programming of keys can be a little daunting at first, but the tutorial is fairly straightforward. Only complaint I have is the very close proximity of the Caps Lock key to the ""A"" key. Gets annoying when when you hit that rather than the ""A."" Actually it's really a pain in the posterior. Still looking for a Caps Lock command. It's a good keyboard as far as I'm concerned, and...
      » 
Read More


   Honestly, I don't know what mechanical means in this context.  All I can relate, is the keyboard is comfortable to type on. The keys are quite responsive and have good tactile responsiveness. The programming of keys can be a little daunting at first, but the tutorial is fairly straightforward. Only complaint I have is the very close proximity of the Caps Lock key to the ""A"" key.  Gets annoying when when you hit that rather than the ""A.""  Actually it's really a pain in the posterior.  Still looking for a Caps Lock command. It's a good keyboard as far as I'm concerned, and would recommend it as an entry level type of gaming accessory.  Hope this helps.
      « 

Show Less"
The keyboard comes with a hand rest attachment so you can choose which one you want to use. So effectively both :D
Yes
"The G510 is like any normal keyboard, not especially ""clacky"" on the key strokes (not like mechanical switches)."
All or Nothing.  One color, all the same, on or off.
Is bad and you should feel bad.
Hmm, I didn't try this until I saw this question.  Mine works ok on my glass desk if the desk is slightly dirty from normal use, but after cleaning the desk with Windex the mouse no longer tracks.
It is switchable, similar to the MX Revolution. To switch you press the button just below the wheel instead of pressing the wheel.
In comparison a mouse set to a lower dpi will move slower on screen(exp.400dpi will move the pointer 400 pixles for every 1 inch the mouse moves where as 2000dpi can cover a whole 1080i screen with only an inch of mouse movement). Lower dpi can be usefull when an action requires more precise control and higher is great for when the pointer has to travel far and wide.
"The scroll wheel does have left/right functionality. By default it's ""scroll left"" and ""scroll right"" (forward/back are mapped the the buttons by your thumb by default), but you can program them to do whatever you want."
The mouse will use any version of usb you have, it doesnt use enough bandwidth to saturate usb 2.0,or 3.0. It preforms the same on any usb version..its not version specific.I have my g700s plugged into my usb 3.o port without any issues at all.
The logitech software works on Mac. All functions work on Mac.
Fortunately, it does. Unfortunately, remembering to turn it off every time is another issue that isn't Logitech's fault.
Yes, and it's just as audible as the left/right wheel clicks.
It is worth it.  I never played the multiplayer one bit. I only played the campaign and it was amazing.  I have recently been thinking of getting it again to play thru again.  but if your looking for an amazing campaign this game has it.  I highly recommend it.
There is an actual storyline that makes sense. It gets pretty intense through the campaign and multiplayer is good once you figure out weapon combos
You can play offline in single player compaign. Multiplayer mode can only be played online.
You pay for a code redeem to download the game from playstore. After that you can play campaign and play on line if you are a psn plus user.
I know is that this only disc
unfortunately there is no co-op mode.  You can play online matches with other players but not anything local or split screen.
Yes
Yes it does come with 2 discs
"I did not know there was any sex related stuff in the free roam. My question to you is, you let him play a game where the point of the game is to ""kill"" the opponent but a little naked behind is not ok. Sounds a bit skewed doesn't it??"
its on 2 disks....you have to store the installation disk (disk 1) completely on the Hard Drive to play (you need atleast 5-7 GB of space). I would not recommend a flash drive.
No
Not for single player. Muliplayer online needs xbox live.
No
I'm just like your bf and I love those games as well. I think he would like this game because its similar to those games mentioned.  He'll like the game but he wont love it
Its amazing. However the campaign is short compared to some of the other games and. The ending kind of sneaks up on you so for that reason I don't like the story arc as much as the other games but overall it's a great game. the multiplayer hasn't changed much and as always it's worth playing.
Yes and no. If you ever played AC games things are blocked off until you finish missions same goes here but there's a lot of exploring to do and collectibles. The good news is after you get your ship and can customize it you can free roam about 90% of the game (hunt for buried treasure, underwater wrecks, hunt animals and get into naval battles). Its not exactly open world like Skyrim.
If you are familiar with the series then you will have a pretty good idea. Combat mechanics have not changed much. Its a little more fluent. Better weapon selections. As well as armors. Naval combat and exploration is a much improvement over its previous release of AC3. All in all a great buy. If your interested in trophies/achievements there is a lil more of a challenge. I was able to get the platinum trophies on all previous games fairly easy on one play threw. This one took me atleast 2 to obtain all including the platinum.
No
No you can't continue on a new console
Pretty much the same. I really don't think 3rd person mp can exist in an industry of fps shooters. If it was like gta's mp. I'm sure they'd be better off. Co-op would be a better choice. Mp matches in ac is dismal as well. Hopefully this answers your question
the Bahamas
Ps4 is the most recommended, the WII U does not support high graphical games
"Yes but it will not play exactly like a GameCube Controller would. This adapter causes the Wii U to recognize the controller as a Classic Controller, and some liberties had to be taken in order to make this happen. For example, the shoulder buttons on the Cube Controller are pressure sensitive and the Classic Controller's are not, so this adapter will not read the degree of pressure you're putting on the shoulder buttons. You have to press the GameCube Controller's shoulder buttons all the way down in order for the console to recognize it as a button press. For a more faithful and high quality adapter, I recommend the official adapter (the one with four Controller ports that plugs into the Wii U's USBs). I own both and after using the official one, I'm never going back to using the Mayflash one.



    Yes but it will not play exactly like a GameCube Controller would. This adapter causes the Wii U to recognize the controller as a Classic Controller, and some liberties had to be taken in order to make this happen. For example, the shoulder buttons on the Cube Controller are pressure sensitive and the Classic Controller's are not, so this adapter will not read the degree of pressure you're putting on the shoulder buttons. You have to press the GameCube Controller's shoulder buttons all the way down in order for the console to recognize it as a button press. For a more faithful...
      » 
Read More


   Yes but it will not play exactly like a GameCube Controller would. This adapter causes the Wii U to recognize the controller as a Classic Controller, and some liberties had to be taken in order to make this happen. For example, the shoulder buttons on the Cube Controller are pressure sensitive and the Classic Controller's are not, so this adapter will not read the degree of pressure you're putting on the shoulder buttons. You have to press the GameCube Controller's shoulder buttons all the way down in order for the console to recognize it as a button press. For a more faithful and high quality adapter, I recommend the official adapter (the one with four Controller ports that plugs into the Wii U's USBs). I own both and after using the official one, I'm never going back to using the Mayflash one.
      « 

Show Less"
I have done this and yes it does work, but I notice that the adapter for the wave bird tends to fall out. So it does work as long as it stays in.
Yes you should be able to, you just need a GC controller for each adaptar
"I think it's important to remember that the Wii U is not designed to read any GameCube Controller you plug into this adapter (dance mat or otherwise) as an actual GameCube Controller. Instead, this adapter makes the Wii U read GameCube Controllers as if they were Wii Classic Controllers. As far as I know, that's its only function. So if your dance mat has a GameCube plug, AND if the game itself USES the Wii Classic Controller as a control scheme (meaning the game allows you to play songs or do dances with the Classic Controller alone), then it's possible it could work. But I'm not familiar with any game that has that function.



    I think it's important to remember that the Wii U is not designed to read any GameCube Controller you plug into this adapter (dance mat or otherwise) as an actual GameCube Controller. Instead, this adapter makes the Wii U read GameCube Controllers as if they were Wii Classic Controllers. As far as I know, that's its only function. So if your dance mat has a GameCube plug, AND if the game itself USES the Wii Classic Controller as a control scheme (meaning the game allows you to play songs or do dances with the Classic Controller alone), then it's possible it could work. But I'm not familiar...
      » 
Read More


   I think it's important to remember that the Wii U is not designed to read any GameCube Controller you plug into this adapter (dance mat or otherwise) as an actual GameCube Controller. Instead, this adapter makes the Wii U read GameCube Controllers as if they were Wii Classic Controllers. As far as I know, that's its only function. So if your dance mat has a GameCube plug, AND if the game itself USES the Wii Classic Controller as a control scheme (meaning the game allows you to play songs or do dances with the Classic Controller alone), then it's possible it could work. But I'm not familiar with any game that has that function.
      « 

Show Less"
Honestly, the device is wonky sometimes and typically takes a minute to work. Afterwards it'll work without a hitch, though!
No it doesn't. At least I couldn't figure out how to get it to work. I bought this for that particular game and ended up disappointed.
Double tap start button for proceeding and hold start button for home menu
It works in any situation where you can use the classic controller. So if you can use the classic controller to play Project M, this will work for you.
only 1.  But dont buy this if you dont own a Wii remote control.  It will not connect directly to a Wii U, which is why I had to return mine.  False advertisement, and waste of time.
Yes. I didn't want my 8 year old on X box live. So far it hasn't effected any of our games.
sorry I cannot answer your questions...this was a gift for my grandson and I do not have a clue...He was thrilled to get it and plays it all the time but that is all I can tell you! Hope somebody can answer your question.
Yes
No
As my son has told me...yes, yes you can
My son's xbox has never been online and this game plays without Internet.
There is a PC version but you have to buy directly from minecraft.net It's not as easy to play as the console version, so I would suggest downloading the demo and letting your kids try that first to see if it's a fit.
Yes.
"I had asked my nephew and he said, ""Yes it is."""
"It has ""couch co-op"" (2 players on the same console).  No online MP/co-op."
yes
yes but you cannot drift.  my grandson liked it except for the drifting.
im not Shure.....probaley
Yes. This is just an expansion pack.
"I don't know... as I wrote, Steam -the publisher- wants you play the game online, and it has a poor design. So it is going to give you headaches because you need to do a lot of set up in your PC to play it. They are going to send you the instructions and those are they own faults. We don't need to do their work. We just need to click ""PLAY"" (like happens with Diablo III), and that's it!!! Moreover, the directions to set up your PC are daunting. If you have time to waste, go ahead. But it is their work. We paid for that."
It is a download and because the game uses steam to save to your computer, you will need to use steam in order to download it. Sorry if this is not a good thing for you:(
It is the actual disc. It worked with steam.
No you do not need the gods and king explanation pack to play it will fine without.
The expansion rewrites over the game data so the expansion needs all 8 gb. To answer your question it is just for the expansion.
There is an option for Mac. But it is download only. Hope this helps.
Buy the digital download version, not the physical copy. Also Brave New World is an expansion pack that requires the original Civilization 5. Double check that as well.
The keyboards near is a solid piece of aluminum. It's not modular.
Yes, I upgraded 2 of my machines and MS Windows 8.1 had no issues with my K95 and M95 devices.  I did download and install the latest drivers from Corsair in order to have the full set of utilities installed.
It's a perfect replacement, K95 is very neat keyboard. I've switched from G15 to K95. I miss a little screen at first, but I used it as clock most of the time.
No, not to replace. When LED fails complete swap during warranty, afterwards go live with it.LEDs on the Ks seem to fail quite often.
Yes of course, any combination of keys can be pressed for the macros.
No, that one is the K95 MX RGB. It's scheduled for release in August (subject to change without notice). This model is white LEDs.
Depends on what you're using the keyboard for, I guess. The k70 had the option to go with cherry red switches (better for gaming), blue switches (balanced for typing and gaming) or brown switches (better for typing, good for gaming)... the k90 comes with the cherry reds, and it has 18 programmable keys. If you use it for gaming, and you'll make use of the programmable keys then the k90 is a better keyboard. If your k70 has cherry reds then the only real difference will be the programmable keys.
Yes you can; the macro software available from the Corsair website - http://www.corsair.com/en-us/support/downloads - includes a .pdf manual which shows how to program and edit macros, both on the hardware and software sides.
Yes
Around 20'inches
Unknown as to why they were recertified. But these are factory recertified and do come with a warranty.
I'm....not sure what you are asking. This is a corded usb headset,  which means,  you can use them on anything that has a USB port.
The wheel clicks left and right so I suppose you could program it to the arrows.
Yes it does now. Logitech released drivers for Mac a little while ago. Works fringe for me on my MBP.
The base G500 had problems that the G500s has, in my experience, corrected. Especially regarding the mouse-wheel/middle-mouse button problem. Still not as good as the G5, but it's worked well for me so far.
This is a long standing issue dating back to 2004 that Logitech seemingly doesn't care to fix, so it's not just one mouse having a defect, it's a design issue. Anyone experiencing this issue can void warranty and solder in a tantalum capacitor instead of the affected ceramic capacitor, get an unaffected model (G400), or play the replacement G500 lottery to get a less noisy unit (they all make this tone when not in use, but some are far worse than others). This page describes the issue http://jdc.koitsu.org/logitech/ for anyone looking for more information.
no the button clicks are normal. Be advised though that with any mouse in a high intensity clicking game (Diablo for one) the clicking can become problematic. One thing to be advised about is the mouse wheel. This puppy can spin fast and when you have it do measured option it can get really loud. Without the measured option on though it is noiseless. Side buttons and top buttons are near silent.
By default it's just a generic programmable button.  I set it to act as the mouse wheel click, because I don't like clicking the mouse wheel.  You can set it to practically anything you want through the software though, like keystrokes or macros.  Hope that helps!
I dont notice anything like that. The mouse uses a cartridge of weights to adjust the weight. I don't use any of them, as the mouse is fairly heavy compared to my last mouse.
If you can hear 15kHz frequencies, you may hear a high-pitched whine from the mouse when not moving it. This is due to some engineering problems with the ceramic capacitors used in the mouse.
It has excellent precision, is super comfortable and very customizable. So I would say definitely. I don't play LoL but plenty of Starcraft and DotA2. I love this mouse.
"The Day One Edition includes a code for a ""Day One"" achievement for your Xbox Live Gamertag. The controller that comes with it also has the words, ""DAY ONE 2013"" printed in the middle of it (you can see it in the pictures). Other than that it's the same as the regular Xbox One.P.S.: Since it includes a code for an achievement, if you go with the Day One Edition, make sure you get it new as it will probably be redeemed if you get it used."
Yes, you will still receive the achievement. It's a little QR code that you scan into the Kinect.
None
If you live in the US and buy from Amazon it will come with everything you need to get up and running in minutes
Must be kept flat at all times.
Yes.
Yes it does
Nov
"The factory warranty is, per Microsoft's page: ""Warranty Period"" for Xbox One, means 1 year from the date You purchased it; and for Accessories, means 90 days from the date You purchased it. Minecraft for the Xbox One was released on September 5th, 2014."
110 v
Unfortunately no. Need to run the cord at all times. But this is a great headset has alot of uses
Yup. I use them frequently with my PC. Just plug the USB and microphone jack in and you are good to go.
Yes....you can use it with your phone ...or with xbox 360 or xbox one...
No..
Yes
Yes this console comes with power cable, av cable but not sure if it has HDMI Microsoft stopped including HDMI after the launch of xbox 360 slim. If there is a HDMI cable it's about 2-3 feet long , I suggest buying an HDMI cable as well. If your looking to buy it used I would contact the seller or ask amazon to request details about the item your buying from the seller. An be specific when asking.
It comes with the basic cords. If you like games in HD you gotta buy your own
This one for sure , better system for the $ the elite made noises and always messed up so get this
If you buy it brand new yes or you could just buy the headset seperately.
Unfortunately no.
This unit uses a hardrive configuration that goes in a slot. The hard drive is not on the side like the white xbox 360 models. The harddrive for this model is different than the sidemounted ones
No
No, you do not need to be online. As far as I can tell there's no online element. The only thing going online will do for you is update the game with any bug patches or fixes. It's not necessary to play.
It's a direct port of The Lost Chapters version of the game, only with updated visuals and sound + tweaked controls.
Yes
you don't get to look through eyes just from behind
The original Fable was not hands free, so this game is not either.  That would be cool though!
It's a remastered version of the first game. New graphics, old game.
Nope
Yes
It only works on Wii U. You can use Wii games on Wii U console, but you cannot use Wii U games on a Wii console. I hope this helps!
Yes, for many of the events it will be required.
It's quite different. Some events are the same as they are olympic events but there are far more different events than there are same ones.
4
no you will have to get the wii U remote with sensor
Yes, it can be played with more than 2 people also in some games.
You can play wii games on the wii u. You will have to save the data from the wii on a sd card and tranfer it to the wii u. Wii u has instruction on how to do it
yes, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8sryFIcank
Similar but just as good.
"I am assuming you are talking about the puzzel code that pops up through out the game. Once you solve one of these it usually gives you access to Cameras which allows you to hack certain areas. Some of these codes are relatively easy and some are not (they get tougher as you progress through the game). I was lucky enough to score one of the Limited Edition Hardback guides (almost 3"" thick) and it goes into great detail on each of the individual codes and shows you exactly how to complete them. Without this guide I would have been completely lost. This is one of the most intense games that I have ever owned and takes a great deal of patience to play but very satisfying at at the end. I hope my comments help.



    I am assuming you are talking about the puzzel code that pops up through out the game. Once you solve one of these it usually gives you access to Cameras which allows you to hack certain areas. Some of these codes are relatively easy and some are not (they get tougher as you progress through the game). I was lucky enough to score one of the Limited Edition Hardback guides (almost 3"" thick) and it goes into great detail on each of the individual codes and shows you exactly how to complete them. Without this guide I would have been completely lost. This is one of the most intense games...
      » 
Read More


   I am assuming you are talking about the puzzel code that pops up through out the game. Once you solve one of these it usually gives you access to Cameras which allows you to hack certain areas. Some of these codes are relatively easy and some are not (they get tougher as you progress through the game). I was lucky enough to score one of the Limited Edition Hardback guides (almost 3"" thick) and it goes into great detail on each of the individual codes and shows you exactly how to complete them. Without this guide I would have been completely lost. This is one of the most intense games that I have ever owned and takes a great deal of patience to play but very satisfying at at the end. I hope my comments help.
      « 

Show Less"
The thing with this game is that, as an open world game, you pretty much dictate what to do. If you follow the story you will be given specific missions and cutscenes are expected, but if you donñt you can pretty much create the mayhem you want and be chased by the police.Besides it, there is a mode to use a giant mechanical spider...pretty cool.It is not by any means an alternative to GTA or Saints Row as it is not as polished and structured as those ones. but it´s pretty fun.
We bought ours from Premium Controllerz. They send us a detailed email with all instructions. Sure they would you as well. Just ask through Amazon.
yes
It is decent. A friend of mine has a faster trigger finger. But it's still good for people who don't have a tringer finger
Yes you can.
Not every game but most cod games it does
Yes
Those are bolt action snipers. So it wouldn't work at all. And mods don't work well on BO2 anyways
Yes it is amazing for every game easy to use
no it doesn't come with all the DLC you still have to buy some and the skins have to be purchased seperatly as well.
Yes. This game works on Windows 8 & 8.1
The game provides a Steam Code. There is no DVD required to play the game.
well its most dlcs beside 3 hunter packs and1 dlc with +10lvls, and no ekstra skins at all :) all of this must be bought separately
test it on this website :http://www.systemrequirementslab.com
Yes you can.
Yes. BL2 is a Steamworks game.
In Ireland and it works fine.
"You need to dowlnoad a steam client and once you start it, there should be ""Add a game"" option (bottom left corner of steam client). Chose ""Activate a product on steam"" and copy paste your key to Product code tab."
If you have the disc noHowever if you have the code yesLuckily you can play off line after you download it, and downloading steam is very simple and fast
Hi, I think ther is. I'm playingthis game in czech language.
Sorry don't know
yes absolutely in fact that's exactly why i bought it. you just plug it in and play;^) i use it to play skyrim at work when its slow lol. i have a Macbook Pro loaded up with Windows 7 via Bootcamp.
I bought it for my Grandson. It is approx 6 feet long. He dances around & jumps up & down in front of the Big-Screen. Plenty of room for that.
It doesn't come from that company but from an other 2 company
No, but there are instructions on the box that will teach you how to wire/wrap your own cord. Just kidding, of course it comes with a cord.
Yes  Nathen it does I HAVE THIS controler for 3 weeks now and its still the best one ever
Yes
10 feet.
Yes. I got this for my kids for Christmas and it is pretty much the same thing as a regular wii but can not connect to wifi. It is also just different color. Plays all the wii games but not wii u games. Hope this helps.
Sure you can. It actually depends on the game you want to play that allows 2 players. This particular item comes with only one controller, so you will have to buy the wiimote and nunchuck (if needed). That was my case.
Yes it is possible but just with component cables, wii is not hdmi compatible
You can do 4 people simultaneously (even more if you buy extra equipment).  When you purchase a game just look at the back of the cover and see how many players it is made for.
Yes, they work.
Every Wii game we tried with it works great (old and new).
None
Yes it does.
Yes
The actor is Adam Harrington.  He's a voice actor who has worked on several video games including telltale's Walking Dead series.
It's a seasonpass for the whole series, but so far only episodes 1 to 3 have been released. As the series continues, the new episodes will be made available to you.
Call Amazon customer support and they will walk you through it.
No, it sadly can't be played through Steam as the DRM says it is for TellTale Games Account. However, Steam is now having a 50% sale of that game. Go get it right now! It's only $12.49! ;)
Go to teltale website and tell them to give you a steam key.
With the systemI got everything HDMI cable and only one controller, if u need another controler u have to buy it, im happy it works really good , and it was brand new  , no flash memory card included !! Any question feel free to ask
Yes you can
some listed for sale on amazon do but some will not. i have one listed and it does not include the stand but you can still set it on it's side.
Yes. And blue rays
Yes
This ps3 unfortunately does not have backwards compatibility for ps2. Ps1 games however work great still.
Yes you can surf the internet. It a little difficult because there is no keyboard tho I would recommend to buy one
It can rest horizontally.
The controller uses built-in batteries that are charged via a USB-type chord to the machine.  It blinks when the battery is low.  I prefer it to the xbox controller and I have both.
Yes it does!
when bought brand new? Yes. if bought used, then it may or may not. But, the point is if it's brand new, then it should come with everything it's supposed to.
Yes.  Register the device with Nintendo.  It can be transferred, from card to card, but I was unsuccessful. (even tried calling Nintendo support)  Fortunately, once your device is registered, you can download the game for free from the eshop.
Yes, it comes with its own charger, original for 3ds as any other bundle...  About the dsi car charger I don't know if it works...  You could try thou. Greetings
I don't know about all of them, but I do know that mine did NOT. Was a little disappointed by that, as I assumed by the photo your talking about that it would come with that download. My didn't though!
The bottom screen is touch-enabled, and generally it works really well, even without the stylus.  A lot of 3DS games make use of the bottom screen in all sorts of novel ways, and some of that requires a finer point than just your finger can offer.
The screen on the 3ds xl is supposed to bigger than the dsi xl screen.
"Check to be sure the listing says New. If it's new & unopened you should receive it in it's original Nintendo packaging (factory sealed) with all the included accessories & manual. If it's new & unopened (factory sealed) it is Never Shrink-Wrapped. I know this to be a fact because I worked in the Nintendo (formerly Pokémon) store in NYC & all factory sealed boxes come with a special stickers on each end that when peeled open even gently it is obvious that it was unsealed to prevent tampering, etc. This is also true for all the other gaming consoles (XBox 360 XBox One, PS3 & PS4, Wii & Wii U, etc, even the old game systems & handhelds from years ago). All retail employees can tell if it was opened & will not take it back unless of course you are selling it back as used for way less even if it was just purchased 5mins prior. Good luck everyone.



    Check to be sure the listing says New. If it's new & unopened you should receive it in it's original Nintendo packaging (factory sealed) with all the included accessories & manual. If it's new & unopened (factory sealed) it is Never Shrink-Wrapped. I know this to be a fact because I worked in the Nintendo (formerly Pokémon) store in NYC & all factory sealed boxes come with a special stickers on each end that when peeled open even gently it is obvious that it was unsealed to prevent tampering, etc. This is also true for all the other gaming consoles (XBox 360 XBox One, PS3 & PS4, Wii & Wii...
      » 
Read More


   Check to be sure the listing says New. If it's new & unopened you should receive it in it's original Nintendo packaging (factory sealed) with all the included accessories & manual. If it's new & unopened (factory sealed) it is Never Shrink-Wrapped. I know this to be a fact because I worked in the Nintendo (formerly Pokémon) store in NYC & all factory sealed boxes come with a special stickers on each end that when peeled open even gently it is obvious that it was unsealed to prevent tampering, etc. This is also true for all the other gaming consoles (XBox 360 XBox One, PS3 & PS4, Wii & Wii U, etc, even the old game systems & handhelds from years ago). All retail employees can tell if it was opened & will not take it back unless of course you are selling it back as used for way less even if it was just purchased 5mins prior. Good luck everyone.
      « 

Show Less"
"SHDC is a SD Card with better read speed( works better) for digital games or files in 3DS,  R4 card it's an illegal product for play piracy games of DS in 3DS with 1 micro SD card, The SHDC, you can find it anywhere like this SanDisk 4GB SDHC Gaming Card Secure Digital Flash Memory Class 2 for Nintendo DS SDSDG-004G - Bulk Packaging , The R4 can find in other markets if you want, not here, but be carefull, some websites are fake and nintendo 3DS firmware blocks R4 firmware in every update They make and not all R4 cards update his firmware for solve that problem.



    SHDC is a SD Card with better read speed( works better) for digital games or files in 3DS, R4 card it's an illegal product for play piracy games of DS in 3DS with 1 micro SD card, The SHDC, you can find it anywhere like this SanDisk 4GB SDHC Gaming Card Secure Digital Flash Memory Class 2 for Nintendo DS SDSDG-004G - Bulk Packaging , The R4 can find in other markets if you want, not here, but be carefull, some websites are fake and nintendo 3DS firmware blocks R4 firmware in every update They make and not all R4 cards update his...
      » 
Read More


   SHDC is a SD Card with better read speed( works better) for digital games or files in 3DS,  R4 card it's an illegal product for play piracy games of DS in 3DS with 1 micro SD card, The SHDC, you can find it anywhere like this SanDisk 4GB SDHC Gaming Card Secure Digital Flash Memory Class 2 for Nintendo DS SDSDG-004G - Bulk Packaging , The R4 can find in other markets if you want, not here, but be carefull, some websites are fake and nintendo 3DS firmware blocks R4 firmware in every update They make and not all R4 cards update his firmware for solve that problem.
      « 

Show Less"
yeah, its take some force to adjust to fit your TV. i was scared at first but its a lot more durable then you think it it.
The mount is only adjustable to make it sit on the TV properly. Once the Kinect is mounted, you can still tilt the sensor as you normally would, but your view range is dependent on the distance. I got the mount because my living room is smaller and putting it on my TV allowed it to see more of the room. Once you move it, you can recalibrate the sensor to the new position through the Kinect settings. In this sense it worked for me, but it depends on your set up. Does this help?
So that if you wish for the camera on the kinect not be able to see you you can put it on. The camera is always on if the kinect is on and sees the whole room.
No, it isn't required. The Kinect sensor is bundled with most Xbox One consoles (it was required with mine but you can buy the console without the Kinect now). Research the Kinect. It's cool. I have young kids so I didn't want them to play with the Kinect so I bought this to mount it up high. The Kinect can sit by the TV but it looks like it belongs on top, with this bracket installed.
I have not removed the mount off of my television, but there is padding on the mount. I guess that should prevent any scratching on the front of the television.
Curve shouldn't be a problem.  The kinect can be tilted up and down there is a hinge
You can point the mount down if the kinect is not catching everything. You should be ok
Yes. It has a stand that you have to be very gentle pulling it out.  Once you pull it out put on your TV and adjust it.
No
Yes most definitely i have mine set ontop of a 24 inch monitor. the only question is if it can hold the weightof thekinect wihtout tipping over your monitor. Mine can, howevr i do not now how much yours can hold. the mount is super light so really just  take into consideration the weight of the kinnect and make your decision from there.
I got it for new battlefield as it needed hard drive (I have Xbox 360 with 4gigs). Worked good, it extends your memory so I don't see a reason why it wouldn't work with original games
It's for a system not a game
Not that i know of
Yes
"I googled S5 showing the S5 is with 4.8"" screen. It fits the holder, which can support 8.2cm maximum."
Hello, yes it does work with iPhone or any device with Bluetooth
Sorry, no.
I don't think you can.
"I believe you are referring to a like claw grip. I do not use the claw grip, but if I did it would feel comfortable on this mouse, though for the claw grip it isn't as perfect as the Razer DeathAdder shape. The height on the rival is more towards the back instead of the middle like the DeathAdder so, depending on how big your hand is it can be a problem. Now as I say this, the rival is the BEST mouse out to date for FPS. Not only for it's sturdy build, sleek design, amazing software, but it's tracking is second to none. I have used logitech, razer, and steelseris for mouses. For the FPS edge this mouse give the most advantage for aiming.



    I believe you are referring to a like claw grip. I do not use the claw grip, but if I did it would feel comfortable on this mouse, though for the claw grip it isn't as perfect as the Razer DeathAdder shape. The height on the rival is more towards the back instead of the middle like the DeathAdder so, depending on how big your hand is it can be a problem. Now as I say this, the rival is the BEST mouse out to date for FPS. Not only for it's sturdy build, sleek design, amazing software, but it's tracking is second to none. I have used logitech, razer, and steelseris for mouses. For the FPS...
      » 
Read More


   I believe you are referring to a like claw grip. I do not use the claw grip, but if I did it would feel comfortable on this mouse, though for the claw grip it isn't as perfect as the Razer DeathAdder shape. The height on the rival is more towards the back instead of the middle like the DeathAdder so, depending on how big your hand is it can be a problem. Now as I say this, the rival is the BEST mouse out to date for FPS. Not only for it's sturdy build, sleek design, amazing software, but it's tracking is second to none. I have used logitech, razer, and steelseris for mouses. For the FPS edge this mouse give the most advantage for aiming.
      « 

Show Less"
if you have hands bigger than 7 inches, go for it.
i dont have a g500 but I do have g400s and DA,rival has the same LOD as g400s which is pretty low.
"Found this on their website:North America ONLYSteelSeries Limited Warranty Policy (New Retail or Dented Box Items)SteelSeries warrants to the original purchaser that the product shall be free from defects in materials, workmanship, and the manufacturing process for one (1) year from the date of purchase. This policy does not cover any issues resulting from normal wear and tear, breakage due to abuse, improper usage, accidents, modification, unauthorized repair, or water damage.All products are also covered by local warranty regulations. Please check with your local distributor, retailer, or government to verify warranty policies pertinent to you.In order to create a claim for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA), the end user must have a valid proof of purchase, which includes:A copy of a sales receipt or e-mail confirmation with clearly visible purchase date, purchase price, and product identification - either directly from SteelSeries, or an authorized reseller of SteelSeries products.The following do not apply as a valid proof of purchase: (i) a UPC or serial number from the box or product; (ii) an image of the product (proof of possession); or (iii) a credit card statement with a generic purchase from a retailer.Upon SteelSeries' receipt of a defective product, the resolution options at SteelSeries sole discretion for the original purchaser include**:Replacement of the product with a refurbished equivalent of the original item or replace the defective parts only with new or refurbished parts orReplacement of the product with an item that is of equivalent price, functionality, and is in the same product category as the original item** Replaced items will remain under warranty 30 days after the exchange, or until the end of the normal limited warranty period (whichever is longer).SteelSeries Warranty Policy for Refurbished ItemsSteelSeries covers all factory refurbished and tested items which are purchased directly from the SteelSeries webshop at https://shop.steelseries.com for 90 days from the date of purchase. Under this policy, SteelSeries warrants to the original purchaser that the product shall be free from defects in materials, workmanship, and the manufacturing process. This policy does not cover any issues resulting from normal wear and tear, breakage due to abuse, improper usage, accidents, modification, unauthorized repair, or water damage. In most cases, refurbished units will be replaced with refurbished equivalent to the original item.Refurbished items may be exchanged through the standard RMA process, as retailers will sell these as no-return items. Users will need a valid proof of purchase with a clearly visible purchase date and price.



    Found this on their website:North America ONLYSteelSeries Limited Warranty Policy (New Retail or Dented Box Items)SteelSeries warrants to the original purchaser that the product shall be free from defects in materials, workmanship, and the manufacturing process for one (1) year from the date of purchase. This policy does not cover any issues resulting from normal wear and tear, breakage due to abuse, improper usage, accidents, modification, unauthorized repair, or water damage.All products are also covered by local warranty regulations. Please check with...
      » 
Read More


   Found this on their website:North America ONLYSteelSeries Limited Warranty Policy (New Retail or Dented Box Items)SteelSeries warrants to the original purchaser that the product shall be free from defects in materials, workmanship, and the manufacturing process for one (1) year from the date of purchase. This policy does not cover any issues resulting from normal wear and tear, breakage due to abuse, improper usage, accidents, modification, unauthorized repair, or water damage.All products are also covered by local warranty regulations. Please check with your local distributor, retailer, or government to verify warranty policies pertinent to you.In order to create a claim for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA), the end user must have a valid proof of purchase, which includes:A copy of a sales receipt or e-mail confirmation with clearly visible purchase date, purchase price, and product identification - either directly from SteelSeries, or an authorized reseller of SteelSeries products.The following do not apply as a valid proof of purchase: (i) a UPC or serial number from the box or product; (ii) an image of the product (proof of possession); or (iii) a credit card statement with a generic purchase from a retailer.Upon SteelSeries' receipt of a defective product, the resolution options at SteelSeries sole discretion for the original purchaser include**:Replacement of the product with a refurbished equivalent of the original item or replace the defective parts only with new or refurbished parts orReplacement of the product with an item that is of equivalent price, functionality, and is in the same product category as the original item** Replaced items will remain under warranty 30 days after the exchange, or until the end of the normal limited warranty period (whichever is longer).SteelSeries Warranty Policy for Refurbished ItemsSteelSeries covers all factory refurbished and tested items which are purchased directly from the SteelSeries webshop at https://shop.steelseries.com for 90 days from the date of purchase. Under this policy, SteelSeries warrants to the original purchaser that the product shall be free from defects in materials, workmanship, and the manufacturing process. This policy does not cover any issues resulting from normal wear and tear, breakage due to abuse, improper usage, accidents, modification, unauthorized repair, or water damage. In most cases, refurbished units will be replaced with refurbished equivalent to the original item.Refurbished items may be exchanged through the standard RMA process, as retailers will sell these as no-return items. Users will need a valid proof of purchase with a clearly visible purchase date and price.
      « 

Show Less"
It's a clicker, but it's a very loose click. There are gradations in the wheel, but it's still very easy to scroll with little actual force.
It can be remapped, but you can't map it to be a continuous hold.  It can be mapped to a one-off macro of keystrokes in the driver.  Could be used as a toggle for voice activation or microphone mute, but not the traditional PTT.
"I have about 700 hours in CS:GO, I have this and the Steelseries XXL mousepad I think it's called, tracking is absolutely perfect though the mouse is a tad bit on the large+heavy side. I'm 5'6"" and have medium hands if you were curious."
All xbox 360s are supposed to have a hard drive . Some Units require a slim hard drive or up to a 250 that snaps in place on the top of the xbox . You need to figure out which type you need . If its the older style 360 2nd hand drives are available cheap if you look . Make sure its a OEM hard drive not a fake from china. In the mean time you can maybe hook up a  large thumb drive like 32gb or 64 and could play some games till you get the right drive . I would suggest the 250 GB cause the space goes fast and is used for other things like demos , videos etc. I hope this helps. Ash
"No apparently it won't for any format (one PS4 included) it won't - however; it will probably come Later as an extra included with some GOTY if the T.P.P. game goes there (?) - unless the ground Zero ""demo"" won't come at all , and it will turn into  some expensive source of income for fans & collectors and speculator via e-bay and amazon sellers . The all point of it is that it was an overpriced game-play demo specifically made for the hype of T.P.P. and Kojioma (The king of the ""Hideo cames"")  just showed that supporting him and his talent does not come for free. A bit like if Spielberg made us pay to see the trailer of his next movie. I conclude Video games industry even in Japan is rotten through the bones.



    No apparently it won't for any format (one PS4 included) it won't - however; it will probably come Later as an extra included with some GOTY if the T.P.P. game goes there (?) - unless the ground Zero ""demo"" won't come at all , and it will turn into some expensive source of income for fans & collectors and speculator via e-bay and amazon sellers . The all point of it is that it was an overpriced game-play demo specifically made for the hype of T.P.P. and Kojioma (The king of the ""Hideo cames"") just showed that supporting him and his talent does not come for free. A bit...
      » 
Read More


   No apparently it won't for any format (one PS4 included) it won't - however; it will probably come Later as an extra included with some GOTY if the T.P.P. game goes there (?) - unless the ground Zero ""demo"" won't come at all , and it will turn into  some expensive source of income for fans & collectors and speculator via e-bay and amazon sellers . The all point of it is that it was an overpriced game-play demo specifically made for the hype of T.P.P. and Kojioma (The king of the ""Hideo cames"")  just showed that supporting him and his talent does not come for free. A bit like if Spielberg made us pay to see the trailer of his next movie. I conclude Video games industry even in Japan is rotten through the bones.
      « 

Show Less"
Metal Gear Solid V: Phantom Pain is expected to come out early 2015, although some sources say the first release will be Dec 31, 2014. Phantom Pain will be released early 2015 for Xbox 360, Xbox One, PS3 and PS4.
I don't think this is kind of game that will have a ton of pre-orders, except for people that really have researched or know the game.  It is one of those games that will probably be hard to find a physical copy after it's been released because it won't really be re-stocked. It'll be one of those games that about a month or two after it comes out, will probably have a jacked up price on Amazon , available on the e-shop and not on store shelves. But if you're planning to pre-order in say March/Early April it should be fine.
None of these editions are compatible with MacOS X, this game requires Windows. See the system requirements.
Essentially, you enter or create an origin login and when you complete the purchase the game is available for download in your origin account
Nothing to do offline :(
You log into your Origin account and begin downloading after the purchase.  No entering codes or waiting for an email.
You put the code into Origin. Doesn't work for xbox.
They give you a code to immediately redeem on Origin. Then you can download and play.
it is possible you get a code and input the code in origin, whomever puts in the code first gets the game so you could buy an instant access code and then give it away.
Sorry dude never had a mac I'm running the game with a Core i-7 4790K and GTX 680 FTW and 16 Gb Ram on Win 7
Yes
Ps4 compatible and I use it on my xbox one. I bought some triton headphones and I use the adapter that came with the tritons. Very nice.  Scary awesome with advanced warfare.
It works perfectly fine without the extension cable.  I have tried it using FaceTime and cellphone calls.  Audio and voice come through clearly on my end and the other end.
No, it's not detachable.
My friends haven't noticed anything during gaming sessions. There was this one time I had extremely loud volume when my friend was able to hear himself, but that wasn't a comfortable volume level anyways. Note that I don't even have any echoing or noise cancellation activated, so it's probably not going to be any problem.
If you're using them for gaming. I would say yes, the mic quality is very good in this headset. The highs and lows are also supreme for knowing where the enemy is or just the ambiance
Mine were
"They are pretty similar but I want to say that having all the AD700 (not ad700x) and the adg1, a700, and ag1, I will say that the adg1 is great for gaming/smartphone but I feel they aren't as ""open"" as the ad700. I'm told they are a lot more like the ad700x which is a slightly different design but the frequency response is the same. Oh and the extension/splitter cord broke on mine after dropping the headset while it was plugged in. I can probably fix it but I just used the little sub soundcard/amp that came with it. It works really quite well!"
I got no complaints about my keyboard clicks. I have mechenical keyboard from razor it's a black widow
Nope! Sony products (unless specified) are region free.
No they are not swapped on the Vita. Standard PlayStation button layout, the same as the DualShock 1/2/3/4
Yes it does it comes with everything a brand new one would
I doubt it.  The back bracket wouldn't stay in place or support the weight.  I ordered a different one that cost a little more and am quite satisfied.  They were quite good about arranging the return and refund.  I bought a PDP Kinect TV Mount.
I bought $1.99 Velcro 2 way tape works great, You can put it any were on the tv
"I would say you need about 3"" from the back side of the tv to the wall. That should do it."
No they are two different set-ups, one won't work for the other
It should work as my son's TV is an older LCD (at least 3-4 years old) also; I never measured it exactly but he had no trouble attaching.  I know for sure it's not one of those very slim edges that are on the market today.  Should work fine.
"I'd be surprised if it did. I bought this for my flat 42"" LG and it wouldn't lock tight up top and sat flimsily on top of my television. Spend the extra few bucks for the PDP mount."
This does clip on to the Kinect. It is a surprisingly stable and steady mount
Yes it does.
I own a zero edge TV and you can't even notice it.
I would say yes as long as the tv is facing at a downward angle with at least 3 inches or more space between wall and mount if that makes any sense. Hope that helps if flat it will either fit or won't. Sorry if it doesn't as my tv is not on my wall.
It comes with audio cables (red white) as well. They need to be connected also to get sound. The VGA Box is much better than this cable. This cable makes vertical lines on the screen.
No, it doesn't look yellowish in my HDTV using this VGA cable. I would double check the color settings on your HDTV first to make sure your cabel is not defective.
This is most likely due to the monitor not supporting the native Dreamcast resolution of 640x480.  Try an alternate display device.The cable is a pass through style cable, that simply takes the signal from the dreamcast (which outputs VGA for supported games) and passes it to the VGA monitor.  Some newer tv's and flat panel monitors don't properly support 640x480.
The cable didn't work on my TV. On a computer monitor it looked amazing. Only way I can see it working is with a VGA to HDMI adapter, but you have to dish out some extra bucks. The cheap ones do not work. I tried two and the colors had a yellow hue. Test the cable first on a monitor, if its clear it works. If its still bad its possible you may have a defect.
Yes
6ft
As I understand it, light guns require A) a CRT, and B) a certain refresh rate that modern HDTVs (CRT or otherwise) don't support.  I'm sure someone will be able to give you a more detailed answer, but I would think that the only way it might work is using an older non-HDTV CRT display.And to answer your question more directly - no, I haven't tried it.  :)
Not all Dreamcast games are VGA compatible. There are workarounds for some of those that aren't, bit you would have to search for that online. Most games will work even if not advertised though. If it is not working on any games, you may want to check your setup or see about returning it. Mine works with almost any game.
No it is not possible boy, just 1 v 1 feature, that's not even fair play guy
Yes
Yes, pretty similar to dream teams from previous versions of FIFA.
Thank you for contacting us. You are unable to play with the women's team from the game you are inquiring about.
I gave this as a gift.  I'm sorry I do not know.
I tried putting 2 AA batteries in mine and it broke the damn thing
It's easy to press, but it's also nice and firm. You won't be accidentally pressing it down unless you have a finger made of lead; it also has a nice, muffled click when you press it down. By far my favorite mouse wheel.
You can reassign every button on this mouse (even the DPI buttons) except for the toggle button that controls the wheel functionality. The mouse's wheel can toggle between hyper scroll mode (where you can spin the wheel and it keeps spinning freely) and regular notched scroll mode. The button that toggles this mouse wheel functionality is specifically used for that purpose only.
"The mouse will work with Mac.  I use a Mac at work and a PC at home.  From my PC at home I can program the DPI settings and save them into one of the profile slots on the mouse so that they will be the same on my Mac at work.  However, you will not be able to program the button functions for the mouse through the Logitech software on the Mac.  Some of the buttons are programmable via the Mac preferences pane but I've found that the Mac doesn't seem to pick up the left and right scrollwheel buttons.  The DPI shift button works as expected though.Also, i want to point out that the Logitech G software does have a Mac version.  And I am able to program my Logitech g500 and g602 mouse with it.  My guess is that the surface calibration feature of the g502 is the thing that's holding Logitech back from making this fully compatible with Mac.  They've been progressively making their other G mice mac compatible over the past couple of years.  So hopefully the g502 will be added to that list at some point as well.



    The mouse will work with Mac. I use a Mac at work and a PC at home. From my PC at home I can program the DPI settings and save them into one of the profile slots on the mouse so that they will be the same on my Mac at work. However, you will not be able to program the button functions for the mouse through the Logitech software on the Mac. Some of the buttons are programmable via the Mac preferences pane but I've found that the Mac doesn't seem to pick up the left and right scrollwheel buttons. The DPI shift button works as expected though.Also, i want to point out that the...
      » 
Read More


   The mouse will work with Mac.  I use a Mac at work and a PC at home.  From my PC at home I can program the DPI settings and save them into one of the profile slots on the mouse so that they will be the same on my Mac at work.  However, you will not be able to program the button functions for the mouse through the Logitech software on the Mac.  Some of the buttons are programmable via the Mac preferences pane but I've found that the Mac doesn't seem to pick up the left and right scrollwheel buttons.  The DPI shift button works as expected though.Also, i want to point out that the Logitech G software does have a Mac version.  And I am able to program my Logitech g500 and g602 mouse with it.  My guess is that the surface calibration feature of the g502 is the thing that's holding Logitech back from making this fully compatible with Mac.  They've been progressively making their other G mice mac compatible over the past couple of years.  So hopefully the g502 will be added to that list at some point as well.
      « 

Show Less"
lol who actually switches with mousewheel
You could always modify the LED itself to a different color. At your own risk though.
Yes. I thought nothing was going to be able to replace my G500 when it stopped working. The ergonomics were literally perfect for my hand, the free scrolling wheel, braided cable and the customizable weights. My G502 literally does all of that, just better. Word of caution though, as I was used to the G500 which is noticeably bigger than the 502 (and I have relatively small hands), you won't necessarily fall in love with it immediately. After about a week or so of use and the ergonomics will start to make sense. Once that happens, it becomes better than the 500.
In my personal opinion yes. It has added buttons for not only your primary and secondary weapons, but also for two gadget slots. (this is the configuration i use). Also with the G-shift button located behind the scroll wheel you can assign a second profile that you can use in game just by simply clicking it. Logitech's software is truly amazing. Razers on the other hand i find quite annoying. (I have a blackwidow ultimate keyboard). You should definitely pick this mouse up as it is one of the best i have ever used.
Yes in the logitech software you can change tje action of the buttons. You van use the two buttons in the left side too. I use one to melee attack and the other for throwing grenades
Wireless. Playstation doesn't make wired controllers for the ps3 or ps4.They are blutooth so they have far better range than other console controllers.
No.
It comes in a cardboard sleeve.
It's the super slim, top-loading model.
It has one controller with charge cable.
Yes
Got it for my son to take to college so we have not hooked it up yet but we have a PS3 already and can play playstation 2 games on it so we figure he will be able to play playstation 2 games on this one too.
Excelent graphics performance
No it would be a regular controller.
Whatever
It will not work with windows xp because this game requires directx11 which xp does not support.
Go to the tropics website and download the hot fix to repair the box install
I would contact Kalypso, the game developer
I use a site like 'can I play this' to check whether a game will run on my computer. I play on a toshiba satellite with integrated graphics card, with no problem
Yes it can, it is mostly offline but you choose to play onkine
You can buy the CD-ROM from Amazon.
The $19.99 is the current price of the PS3 game.  If Amazon drops the price before the release date, you will get a refund of the difference between the two prices.
For other players to join your game, they simply need to press start with their own controllers. Also note that split-screen only works on HD TVs where the PS3 is connected to the TV with an HDMI.
If you like building... It's kinda like Lego in a virtual world. You can build buidings & other thing's. Fun for kid's & adults
No you do not. Only if you want to play multiplayer
Yes
You don't need any online connection.
Hello as a 20 year old playing it I can say there isnt that much. You kill animals for meats/clothing and you kill the bad guys so they dont kill you and you have to slay the dragon. There is no actual blood splatters or anything when you are killing those things they just turn red. Its really not that bad and i promise you im not just saying that. My mom even lets my brother who just turned 6 year old play it. I think this is perfectly fine to let your kids play :)
Hi there,This game cannot be played on the Play Station 2.
i couldn't even get it to work on windows xp. so i am not the one to ask.
Yes
No, I didn't know it until I got it. I have to symulate one of te OS which the game is compatible with.
Don't know, I use it on Windows 7. There is a problem with it saving games, other than that is just like when it came out.
Yes it does. Thanks for your interest.
No starcraft has a decent single player campaign as well as the ability to play scenarios and general free for all against bots or people or a mix.If you get the game do a search for custom maps and scenarios. The map editor is extremely versatile and people have made dozens of custom scenarios and setting. I've even found mini rpgs
I have never had a problem saving
Yes Sr!
Yes
No
Yes this product is compatible with Windows 2000
It should if xbox has usb port, but we are not sure.
No!
Yes
Probably, talk to the sellers. Or maybe it's your games?
Amazon requires all sellers to offer at least a 30 day return policy on the items they sell. Certain sellers offer a better warranty on items, as do we. Specifically check out each seller, the better their feedback the more likely they sel quality products with quality service!
Yes a little bit. But also is in color and lights up so it can be used in the dark.
Yes
yes.
I'm using Windows 8.1 and it works great. You won't be able to stay on the game with CTRL/Tab, but if you save and restart every time you stop playing it will do fine.
Yes it will work with Win 7.  Plenty of people still play Sims 1 with Win 7, and I haven't heard anything about any installation problems.  If you run into any, try installing it as an administrator.
No. This is the PC version. You'd have to buy the MAC version. Just search 'The Sims Complete Collection Mac' I'm pretty sure there is in a Mac version for The Sims.
I got this and it plays fine on windows 8. And used codes work even if used.
I don't believe it has apartment life, but I was sorely disappointed with my entire purchase of the expansion packet.  I could not register any of it because they were all used
No. You might be able to get it to work but you have to do some major work with tech support.
according to nintendo's web site, it will work for the wii and ds.  just check the shopnintendo site.
only on Metroid prime: hunters so far. And only with your friends.
No. If you have a wireless connection, chances are you don't need anything else. I did, however, as I am using a free-wireless connection and don't have access to the main router. I just hooked the connector to my laptop and created a Nintendo-exclusive access point for both my DS and Wii.
I am using it with windows 7. So, Yes.
Yes you can and it's a fairly simple process.  Instead, however, I would recommend going to this site and it is magnificent at creating calendars with various that you may want or need:   http://www.calendarlabs.com/printable-calendar.php?template=tL1mA W Radle
"Yes you can - it's rather simple.  Open the PM program.  A ""desk top"" type Print Master page will appear.  There will be a series of icons across this page that do various things.  In the lower right corner will be an icon for ""Open My Projects"" - click on that and it will open the folder with all of your saved projects."
No
Yes. In fact, only wireless Xbox 360 controllers will work with Windows 8. Windows 8 does not support wired Xbox 360 controllers.
it works with pc games that supports xbox360 gamepads.  steam is not a game, it's a service to purchase games.
One can only be sincronized
Yes, in fact I myself have used it on my Macbook. I used this guide to set it up: http://www.maclife.com/article/howtos/how_use_xbox_360_wireless_controller_your_macHappy Gaming :)
Minecraft for PC never came with a gamepad option, you'll need to use a program called JoyPad to play MC... But that goes for any gamepad not just this.
Yes. I run Windows 7 ultimate 64bit and it works just fine.
Works great for me and I have the most recent update for mac
No sorry you need to buy those expansions seperately
It should! Check the system requirements to be sure. It does need a disc drive though so you'll need to get an external one if you don't have one already.
yes
It is a disc.
Yes, this is the base pack for AEIII. Once loaded you can add War Chiefs and Asian Dynasties. It's a fun game.
I bought this little camera about a year ago and it look cheap but by accident washed twice and still working. The Instructions come in Chinese but I didn't need them lol. So yes it works !!
Not that i know of....
"Compatible models are ""PSP-1000 Series / PSP-2000 Series / PSP-3000 series"".this is written in SONY's official website."
in a word, Yes.
Yes
YES THEY DO, VERY NICE STYLE.
No.
Yes
YES THEY ARE, WORKS REALLY WELL.
I believe you can get them on the B&O; website
No it doesn't. Badly crafted, doesn't stay put when you put it on, sounds awful. STAY CLEAR!
I had the same problem, still under warranty, and the company refused to fix them.  Do not send them back to B&O; (who wanted $50 to fix mine).  Go to a local electronics repair shop.  I did that and had them fixed for $5.
No you don't, you can play local coop with another person on your xbox.
If you have an Xbox 360 with the Kinect you can play this game but it will not use the motion sensors because it was released prior to the Kinect. This game is played with a controller.
You can play with two players when using the same xbox.  I am not sure about playing with people on xbox live though.
A whole new game
Yes
Because, as a quick google search reveals, it's an xbox360 game released in 2007.
No its only 2 player offline.
No. We play it on a regular TV.
The version for Windows 7 doesn't work properly, it has too many bugs.  I also have a netbook that has Windows XP and the version for the XP works fine.
Yes t does I use it all the time and I have Windows 7
no
I have windows 8 and the cd will not download.
there are three others , and then you have to choose two of them.  You also can play alone
No, I've tried it.  This cable is for connecting your old xbox controller to a computer where, along with some downloadable software, you can use it to play games.
Yes
To PC, it might.. to Xbox 360 definitely no.
Yes
The adapter will work for any original XBox (released in 2001) controller (regular, mini, dance pad, or Steel Battalion); it does not work with Xbox360 or Xbox One controllers. It is less than 3 ft long.
nope. original xbox only. 360 controllers do not need any adapters to work with windows OS.
George,  The panel works with everything in FSX.  I have a 'mixed-bag' hangar full of 200+ freeware and payware craft and all my Saitek panels work with all my planes/boats/vehicles without fail.  Actually the panels make a lot of freeware pieces more fun due to a lot of them having a 2D 'pit instead of a VC.  Like I put in the review, I liked the first two FIPs I got so much that I had to get two more!  You will not be disappointed.
The FIP from Saitek works with all airplanes in FSX but not with P3Dv2 yet. I have four and FIP's have no issues with any airplanes. I do not have that specific model but am confident it will work. For multiple devices use a powered hub to connect and use USB2 vs. USB3 if you can.Matthew
I really don't know if it's any help to you, but I've got a radio panel, auto pilot panel, switch panel, & a throttle control, all plugged into a 7 usb holder, I do have a spare 7 usb holder, if I need it, the altimeter panel goes straight to my PC.Hope this might be of some help to you.Chas
Not unless you boot camp into windows
"Hello!You can download new gauges from the internet (Google ""Saitek FIP Gauge,"") and/or you can make your own one (you write the XML). There are instructions provided on FSX Times by Tom Tsui, located here: https://fsxtimes.wordpress.com/ . He's also got some free gauges, some paid gauges, instructions, setups, etc. It's a great resource. You are not limited to Saitek's gauges, there are lots of customization options."
I haven't found a GPS gauge for it, it does have a VOR NAV gauge, it does connect via USB, you can download additional gauges but they are not required, and it sort of functions with Windows 8. You have to download .NET Framework 3.5 to interface with it for Windows 8 since the software is built for XP (Saitek, for the love of God, update your software). Once you've downgraded your .NET Framework and made it active, the FIPs will work.
no
Yes
Pro flight instrument is used to show aviation instrument info.. if you want to show a map with gps location you can export out and show on a monitor
You can play all PS3 game discs, most PSOne discs, and digital games downloaded from the PSN. You CANNOT play PS2 discs in this model. However, some PS2 games have been remastered and are available as downloads for the PS3 thorough the PSN.
One.
we have played nba14 on yours so i dont see why not
Yes standard online service is free but you have to pay for sonys storage for copy protected saves...i dont think it costs to play games online or anything? Just setup a PSN account & your good to go i think?
Yes
your question is not clear, please rephrase your question so I can help you.
No
Although this program can be run on a Mac in a Windows emulator, a better solution is to get Optimum Video Poker (OpVP) which will run native on any Mac OS X 10.2 or later, including Yosemite. Of course it will also run on any Windows 2000 or later, including Windows 8. OpVP is also a true trainer by displaying the strategy chart of your choice next to the game window and highlighting your errors in the chart.
CD has Jacks or Better, Bonus Poker, Double Bonus Poker , Double Double Bonus Poker , Triple Bonus Poker and maybe two others.  I can't remember all.  But a very good CD with tutorial etc.
I got it for my wife for a practice format because she plays the video poker machines in Reno quite a bit. It appears that there's about 2 dozen games on it.
"Yes, my husband can play it on 8.1 but is disappointed with the Winpoker software being to repetitive in the hands he is dealt.  He ha  s used the OLD one for several years and never grew tired of it but he is not happy with the upgraded one.  The quick answer to your question is ""yes""."
You get the key and Battle net setup. You will still have to download the game
It is found on the Diablo III Game DVD disc cover as a white sticker with the Diablo III Authentication Key printed there-on.
You can play multiplayer online with two computers, but not two people on one computer.
definitely YES
that's more than enough. at most the game uses 30KB down/up.
"I guess that depends  on how you purchase it.  I  bought a boxed game.  The key was inside the box... So obviously I  had to wait. If you buy as a download,  I would think key was available  pretty much instantly,  or at least at email speed.  Me,  I  am old school.  Games should come in a box with nice graphics,  not in a ""cloud""  some where."
FSX Gold includes 1. FSX Deluxe + SP1 & SP2   2. FSX Acceleration Pack  3. If interested in SDK the last disk also includes the SDK service packs (2).   You do not need the gold version to run on win 7 or win 8!   It is only a packed version of everything + service packs.  This FSX is the same as when it first came out, it has NOT been updated!  Note: you cannot run acceleration with the standard version of FSX
Hi, The Steam needs an internet download of upto 15 gb's. Regards
yes you can get unlimited fuel. as far as missions go, you can fly out of any airport in the system, and so far that includes all the active ones in my area, and you can fly anywhere you want. I hope this answers your questions. vic
Yes this will run perfectly well on a Windows 7 32-bit system.
Doubt it.  Does not work correctly with windows 7.
Yes of course you could there is a full tutorial all the way up an airline pilot. To get the best out of the sim take time to read the 'how to ' e.g. GPS and auto pilot etc. it's well worth it.
I like it and it makes me think I could fly a big plane if necessary.  Maybe just my ego though.  I have flown a couple of small plane but never pursued my pilots license.  I think it is realistic.
Works well with windows 8.1.
Yes, I've installed it on Windows 7, 64 bit OS and it's working
I'm using 8.1 myself and I have not encounter any issues.
Yes as your X52 is an integrated flight stick system. Consisting of a throttle and a stick similar to a fighter jet set up in theory. This will add more to it as it also is Saitek and it allows functions not capable of the X52. This will be a nice addition to your setup.
All of Saitek's products are programmable and therefore can be modified in simulators such as FSX etc.  I am not familiar with your simulator or program but I am sure that you can obtain the map of the buttons and knobs and therefore change their functionality.
Yes but you have to visit saitek.com downloads for the mac drivers.
"It's hard to be sure what you mean. Complexity of Setup: Easy...just a USB plug. Complexity of Panel Switches: Not at All. It's a decent-looking panel, but has a ""lightweight"" feel, which could be good for some, bad for others. Be aware, though, (since I wasn't), that this panel is only compatible with FSX, and possibly Prepar3d."
The Saitek Pro Flight Switch Panel and other Saitek Panels using the Saitek drivers work only with Microsoft products, but if you go to x-plane.org you can download a driver that will do the job.  You will have to switch each panel during the X-Plane boot up to get the program to recognize that the Saitek Panels are on and available.  All functions seem to work.
i don't recall that ever happening.
I can't give you a definitive answer.  I believe that it is but I am not real sure.  I am using Windows 7.  Sorry I couldn't have been more help.
Its a computer attachment si yes it should work no problem specially if you have win7 and up where driver updates are automatic.
Yes. Be warned, though, that's is only compatible with Microsoft FSX. The driver software does not allow for custom programming, it has a plugin that automatically loads with FSX.
No they are not the same character.
Not sure I understand your question. This is a customizing case for the hardware. No software comes with this purchase.
No special tools needed at all. Also, the fans work really well with the casing. If u send me your email address I can send you a pic of what it looks like after its all installed.
Just the case
yes you can
Yes it does
Yes
Yeah you just have to calibrate it with your windows 7. Look it up on YouTube if you have to or google.
If you use Xpadder you can.
36 inches
Yes.
This is not meant for use with the Wii.  Only PC/Mac.  Classic Linker N64 for Nintendo Wii and Gamecube - Classic Controller Connector for Wii and GC  This is the item you want for N64 to Wii.
As long as you have a PS3 move camera it will work for any PS3 system.
It does work perfectly on the PS4. They didn't made a new one. It works on both.
You can use this as well as a standard controller for Heavy Rain. It is totally up to you, they're compatible.
NO CHARGER
Yes
Scrabble Plus works perfectly on Windows 7-64 bit.
Yes, I am using Windows 8.
No. I'm in my twenties and wear glasses and I found it too small for my taste.
It works on my desktop running window 7, so I assume it would work on version 8. Try it it's cheap enough.
No, I never played online.  I'm very frustrated when I've played Scrabble Plus  to the extent that I hardly play anymore.  The game allows your opponent to use illegal Scrabble words which you  have no way of challenging.  I've gotten to the point when this happens, I quit the game.  I love the game and I like to play by the rules.
No, you can load it onto your computer and then remove the disk.
No
Yes....  I have it on my computer
Yes
It hooks to the back of your xbox 360 only
I purchased that cooling fan for my Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 Edition 320GB XBox 360, and it did not fit
no the slim has got a built in cooling fan in it.thank you.
"that really depends on just how it might have broken. if it simply "" died"", you might have a serious short in which it isnt repairable at all ( most likely given the design ).  i do have this, have it on my old xbox, so i havent had an issue with it. if possible to open it up, you might have a short in a wire leading into the unit, or from the power source inlet leading to the fans. without having tried to repair, i can only guess. being three fans, if it all died, i would think that a wire coming from the power inlet into the unit is at fault. sorry, hard to diagnose without actually working on the unit, maybe someone else can help more.



    that really depends on just how it might have broken. if it simply "" died"", you might have a serious short in which it isnt repairable at all ( most likely given the design ). i do have this, have it on my old xbox, so i havent had an issue with it. if possible to open it up, you might have a short in a wire leading into the unit, or from the power source inlet leading to the fans. without having tried to repair, i can only guess. being three fans, if it all died, i would think that a wire coming from the power inlet into the unit is at fault. sorry, hard to diagnose without...
      » 
Read More


   that really depends on just how it might have broken. if it simply "" died"", you might have a serious short in which it isnt repairable at all ( most likely given the design ).  i do have this, have it on my old xbox, so i havent had an issue with it. if possible to open it up, you might have a short in a wire leading into the unit, or from the power source inlet leading to the fans. without having tried to repair, i can only guess. being three fans, if it all died, i would think that a wire coming from the power inlet into the unit is at fault. sorry, hard to diagnose without actually working on the unit, maybe someone else can help more.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
No you have to buy the Mac version of the game
Just 1
It comes with only one battery.
These are intended for use with Nyko's dual charger which does not require removing the batteries from the controllers to charge them. You just set the controller directly on the charger. They also work just fine with charge and play cables so it's a pretty safe assumption that they will work with the PDP/Energizer charger, too, since it connects to the same port. They will also work with any standalone charger that requires the battery to be removed from the controller. I've been using them for years and they have held up very well.
This is a rechargable battery. You will either need an Xbox 360 recharge base, or a play-and-charge kit to recharge the battery; both sold seperately.
Yes, I use mine and they charge fine but I yhink they take a little longer.
No
You just have to make sure ur wii has american system i think if it's british this would not work this is from my experience I'm not sure if it's true or not
No it doesn't. You can only use the Wii remote. You can either have it turned on its side, or have the nunchuck hooked up to it.
I really don't know my grandson was 8 when I get it for him.
Nov. 2009
You can play all Wii games on the Wii U as long as you have the wii remote. You cannot play Wii games on the Wii U gamepad, though.
I purchased this game along with another for my son and we have had no problems whatsoever with either one.
You can play with just the remote
You should be able too. The Gold Edition is the same game, its just has DLC content with it.
It depends where you buy it, and if its new/used. Though mines is a used game, it came with the manual booklet. You should be able to find out by the seller's description. I believe its the standard gold edition
Yes you can
You don't need to download anything, it's all there you just have to beat the game a few times to find the stuff, and Gold has way more stuff then the first released version of the game.
Can you be more Pacific
I think it should. I don't own an xbox nor have I used one recently, but if the xbox has a USB port then it should work.
Sorry Steph I am not to sure, I am using it on the wii and on my laptop. I don't see why it shouldn't though.
A knockoff =[
Yeah that's not a problem, or at least not for me
The one I ordered works with my Xbox 360 slim
I believe it does, I use Wii U but it should work with PS3. I am unsure so I r
DUDE, look on internet if anyone has same problem, if u don't find any fixes, u should ask for a refund and buy antoher game like MW2 that is more optimized for pc than BO.
Yes it installs it on steam
No
If u buy it new yes it will work with steam !!
Yes if u have steam u just put the serial number and u can download it from steam
I didn't care for it either. Too much verbal content, story, etc. No flowing from action to action. Just didn't float my boat. Wasn't up to other Call of Duty games.
Yes. All PC version of CoD Black Ops must lunch through Steam. And to play this games the code in the disc box is necessary and sometimes the discs are unnecessary.
I think so when i had my windows 7 laptop the game was unplayable, but i think the problem was that my graphics wasn't good enough.  It just jumped from frame to frame. Have a new computer , windows 8, and it now works flawlessly
That is an excellent question Jorge! Unfortunately there is no option to alter language output in COD Ghosts (at least for the North America release). In the PS3 XMB I believe there is a language change option but it won't affect the in game/bluray disc/dvd language output. You're more than welcome to write an email to Activision suggesting that feature in COD Ghosts through a future update. But good question by the way.
Yes online works. You can also go through coupon codes and apply them for a deeper discount.  Out of all the times I've ordered from Amazon, I was unsatisfied about twice but Amazon worked with me to assure my satisfaction.
Yes
14 maps with out the dlc.
Yes
Yes, Free Fall is included
Although these are listed, it still depends what comes with your attachments, but I hope this helpsPrimary MW2 Weapons◾Assault Rifles ◾Sub Machine Guns ◾Light Machine Guns ◾Sniper Rifles ◾Riot Shield Secondary MW2 Weapons◾Machine Pistols ◾Shotguns ◾Handguns ◾Launchers
Yes you can play as Michael Myers on the map Fog
Certainly
idon,t know hven,t played that game in a while.on line is fun thogh.it should be still alive
not very well, it will run, but expect tons of errors and graphical glitching... it will also depend on your hardware, but the worst graphical glitch you will encounter will be the crash scene.advice: pass this game by, its not worth the frustration/being so linear/and all the issues and inconsistencies just aren't worth it in my opinion.complaint: by far the worst game released in the last 15 years, hands down.story line is almost nonexistent. gameplay mechanics are terrible.
Not sure what your processor or memory capability is but I used an 8800GT video board and the game worked fine.  Game play is above average to good.
the equipment,like gamepad will about run on any game.but steam is on this game.the single player i could not get to run pass maybe 5 mins then stops.even when reinstall.
In short - no.  There are still a few private servers scattered about here and there but it's officially dead in the water.
yes i believe all games does .
"Should be a switch on the back for Xinput and DirectX input. Make sure it's on Xinput and it should work. ""jstest-gtk"" (sudo apt-get install jstest-gtk) is a program that will allow you to calibrate a Game pad, it's pretty much a must have for all Game pads and can be acquired from the Ubuntu software center also, if you use that OS."
Its about 6 ft long.
Yup I use it with steam with no bmp problems.
Yes. Go to http://www.logitech.com/en-us/support/gamepad-f310?crid=411&osid;=14&bit;=64 for the controller, click downloads in blue, and underneath the controller image you will be able to choose windows 8 (32 or 64 bit) for the drivers. I'm sure they are on the cd provided too. If not, you can just get them off the site.
"It works, but you have to flip the switch on the bottom to ""D"".  Some games may need Gamepad Companion, which will recognize the controller when it is switched to ""D"" and then let you map the buttons and joysticks to keyboard key presses and mouse movement.I just tried it with Solar 2, and the game detected it (in ""D"" mode) but all the buttons were mixed up and so it was nearly impossible to play.  So you might have to use Gamepad Companion to map the buttons to keys to get around that for some games."
It Does
You will have to check if the software is compatible with windows 7.  I had use the software on an older version of MS Windows XP or 98.
You are not missing much as the game is a let down being from Hoyle
i can not say for sure.
Well one my best friends has that mouse. I have the original and the 2012 version so far. Really only major difference is graphics on the mouse and not sure if molten is hand size customizable. 2012/2013 standard Razer is.
Even during intense raiding (4 hours no break) it would never get hot. Very well built. There is a reason every top gamer uses razer.
It says it has a 2 year limited warranty and free online technical support.
Yes, to my belief the retail box does say this is Mac compatible.
mmo = massively multiplayer online, basically games like world of warcraft, rift, star wars old republic are mmo's. This particular model of the razer naga is not wireless. However it gives you plenty of cord length to move around freely. This one is wireless -----> Razer Naga Epic Rechargable Wireless MMO PC Gaming Mouse
Sure is.
Yes
There is a tiny hole in the back of the battery pack.  Poke something into it and it will press the red button.  Sync as u normally would.
Not long. The light changes colors when fully charged
No you need the remotes
Barely!! If you pull the wrist strap under the controller as if it were a tail coming from the front, it works just fine :)
They turn blue like shown, whn the batter is being charged the lights are red.
i bought it for my daughter for christmas, she just charges the hand held controllers says it works good for them.
i dont know i bought it for my son but it should
No, you need to remove the sleeve to charge. But they batteries once charge do  fit with the controller in the silicon  sleeve
I am not a computer expert, but there is no reason why you cannot do what you want.  I have not flown Rise of Flight, but Cliffs of Dover with the Team Fusion patches is great.  Google Team Fusion CoD to get the info on downloading and installing the patches.  It is all free and the forum is very friendly and helpful.
Sorry....I never got it to work on my XP machine with 4 gig of memory, AMD Phenom quad 4 processor, and nvdia video card.
"Its only compatible with 8.1 if you download the 5 ""mods"" available on ""TheAirTacticalAssaultGroup.com""; web page.  I had no luck what so ever until I downloaded these mods, now the game seems to be running smoother with little or now problems.  There's also a ""New Pilots"" forum that gives you lots of good advice.  Good Luck"
Not off top of my head.... But google the game and scroll down, it should give you the requirements there
Hi, yes it has force feedback and you need Steam to activate. Make sure you go here for advice on setting up and getting the latest patches. http://theairtacticalassaultgroup.com/forum/showthread.php?t=5058&p;=52711
They sure do. You need to buy the chat adapter though. This one here: Xbox One Stereo Headset Adapter That's only if you want it to work with chat though. It does work perfectly fine without it, you can just use the kinect for chat if you want to.
"in your case this isnt the headset you should buy, instead of searching ""A40 + MixAmp"" search: ""A40+ M80"" m80 is the adapter for x1 controller. thats all i know :/"
Like all headsets there is some bleed if you have it loud enough. However the ear pieces themselves are very dense, so from personal experience, there is very little bleed compared to other headsets. I have not had a single complaint towards that issue, something i pride myself on because I hate hearing someone else's music.
Hi Chris. Yes, but more hardware is required. There is a special adapter/patch-cable that is needed for your controller. I'm not sure why they list these headphones as PC/Xbox/Sony. I have only seen the A40's come in ONE box. There might be a slightly more expensive set that includes the additional part you need. Here is a Youtube link if Amazon allows them- https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=astro+a40+on+xbox+one
It gives/comes with instructions for how to use it with each system, including the 360. I don't believe that you need anything else for any system but the xbox1
Absolutely, the mix amp pro that comes with it has multiple inputs, you would go straight out of the ps4 optical output into the mix amp pro and the mix amp would send the signal to the headphones, crisp and clear.
You can use a multitude of different connections. I myself am using my optical port.
The headset itself doesn't weigh that much. The entire package comes in a fancy box with the amplifier (for lack of a better term) and a bunch of cables.
If your controller dies or otherwise stops sending signals to the console, all play continues and it tells you to reconnect the controller.  It can be aggravating, but it's right in line with the feel of the game, so I personally have few complaints.  If you are concerned about your controller dying mid-combat, I recommend having a spare battery pack or charged controller nearby when you play.
No. But I suggest looking up wikigameguides on youtube. And wildpie101 for walkthrough help.
Yes
I'm not entirely sure, but I have never heard of this game being region locked before. I would assume it is a free region game, so I say it should be safe to play.
Absolutely. It starts up in offline mode when there isnt a psn or xbl gold connection. Very little is lost in terms of functionality; it's a full-function game online and off.
no idea, it doesent works in my xbox
Disk
If you're asking about language settings in the game. They have a language pack that comes on the second disk (xbox 360 version). So you just have to download it and change the settings then.
The xbox 360 version comes with a two disks. The first disk is the game, the second disk is alternate langauges.
3D Features2D to 3D Conversion : Yes3D : Yes3D Sync Transmitter Integrated : YesSimulated 3D : Yeshttp://store.sony.com/p/XBR-Full-HD-LCD-3DTV/en/p/XBR65HX929#specifications
To be honest im not completely sure i know there not compatible with most dlp projectors because these glasses use ir to work. dlp link devices use some type of flash to work. some projectors(not all) have a ir emitter. you can buy and a setting to disable dlp link, but it would be better to find a decently priced set of 3d glasses that have the dlp link function. it may cost a little more but at least you will know they definitely work correctly hope that helps
Each new pair comes with a cable. It is a standard USB micro Type B and can be purchased any where online, like Amazon.com or Monoprice.com. If you need it right now, most big box stores, like Walmart, Target, Best Buy and Radio Shack will have them also at a much higher price. Hope this helps.
It means those games with 3d compatable can be played in 3d mode, where u would need the 3d glasses to see it displayed in 3d, but it also has the regular mode which is called 2d. So u should have the option to select 3d or 2d/regular on those types of ps3 games.
These glasses will work with this projector.  It has a built in IR transmitter.
As far as I know, they should work perfectly. My 2010 Samsung TV also uses infrared and shutter glasses. I believe Samsung switched to bluetooth in 2011. I haven't played any 3D games with the system, but 3D movies work fine.
Yes
The black version is not glossy.  It does seem to have a sort of glossy feeling on the sides but even that is not much.  So to sum up, it is mostly not glossy.
"I am not exactly sure what ""low pressure"" means. This one is fairly stiff with a clicky feel, it is rather easy to press. Although much harder than a cheap clicky $5 mouse. I have never laid to much attention as to how clicky those buttons are so I am not very experienced in the field."
Yes, you can. But if you want performance, i suggest you buy the steelseries qck pad
The hardware itself should work perfectly find. The software I'm not sure but to be honest I never use it
not sure but i love it
what is the DPI switch
I am not sure what that is.
"Probably because all batteries lose charge over time. That means you can fully charge the battery and if DO NOT plug something into it, it will stay ""full"" up to a year."
Will not work with the new Vita. The charger requires the use of the cables that came with the Vitaand the plug ins are not compatible.
What was previously stated, only can be charged using the vita charger. But it does hold a very large charge and can be used to charge any USB device.
Yes you can. I bought this myself.
It didn't come with a cable
I don't know.
i dunno
I have charged my galaxy tab 3, Note 2 , Ipad 4 and ps4 controller with this
No
No.
Yes it would
I'm not sure as I don't have HP touch screen.  Sorry.
It should work as far as I know.
Yes
NO, it needs phantom model
it should but I am not 100% sure
Yes, the Xbox 360 Talkback Cable will work with the PX5 headset.
i don't think so judging by the pictures on the triton website the cable looks like it is permanently fixed into the headset itself, if your having issues i'd say your best bet is to take them back to the store and exchange them. or check out the website  http://www.trittonaudio.com/prod/parts.asp
Its 2.5mm. The same size as the xbox controller jack for both ends
If your asking if it works for xbox 1 yes but you still need the adapter also. If your talking about the X1 from turtle beach then you need to upgrade that is old and the cable doesnt disconect. Really old. They dont even sell those anymore. Did you mean x11 or something else?
I'm not sure of the exact measurement but it fits into my Xbox controller just like the one i replaced
Yes! Awesome maps and campaign dlc! You get to play as Nightwing and Robin! The dlc campaign is pretty cool! Batman has been captured and play as Robin to save him! Arkham City was favorite of the three. Awesome story! Game of the year edition is a must have! Make sure you preorder the next Batman, Arkham Knight, it's going to be epic!
This one Is really good more stuff. But I haven't played original. But this has dlc's
I don't know why the top rated answer said yes. It's a Batman game - there is a small level of violence but it's very tame, showing no blood whatsoever. There is no blood or gore, and shooting is stopped by Batman's armor, and if you were asking if you play as someone who shoots people, Batman only has non-lethal weapons. It's rated T so quite frankly, any kid who is familiar with Batman is probably old enough to play Arkham games.
No My son is 6 and loves it
I believe it's just for the downloadable content
There is a lot of violence in this game, but no blood. It's mostly hand-to-hand combat. I believe it's okay for kids 14 and older.
Yes. I use it along with a G13 for AutoCAD at work. Having enter, esc, del, bksp, undo, redo, & other commands always available is a great addition. Honestly, I game at home, but I make better use of the G buttons with productivity software than I ever have in the games (not that I don't use them for those too). For repetitive, command intensive software, programmable keys are the way to go.
Measuring the bottom it's 4x3. It doesn't seem much larger than the average mouse but it's higher. The side buttons are very small. I have medium size female hands and it's about perfect for me.Also it is very sensitive and for the top regular right/left click buttons you can press really far back on them and still have them work so it should be fine.
"If you have a G600 producted prior to Oct 2012 you will not be able to update the firmware on the mouse. You will be stuck with firmware 77.00.12. If you call Customer support, and have some time, they should be able to offer you a resolution. I battled with the spazzing and skipping of the mouse sicne I got i. I thought maybe it was my mouse pad, so I got a new mouse pad after cleanign the lens of the mouse. Still it continued. After i built a new rig, the sam e problem continuied to occur. I was able to finally find out that it was due to me being an early adopter for the mouse and that I would need to get a new produced mouse so I can perform updates.



    If you have a G600 producted prior to Oct 2012 you will not be able to update the firmware on the mouse. You will be stuck with firmware 77.00.12. If you call Customer support, and have some time, they should be able to offer you a resolution. I battled with the spazzing and skipping of the mouse sicne I got i. I thought maybe it was my mouse pad, so I got a new mouse pad after cleanign the lens of the mouse. Still it continued. After i built a new rig, the sam e problem continuied to occur. I was able to finally find out that it was due to me being an early adopter for the...
      » 
Read More


   If you have a G600 producted prior to Oct 2012 you will not be able to update the firmware on the mouse. You will be stuck with firmware 77.00.12. If you call Customer support, and have some time, they should be able to offer you a resolution. I battled with the spazzing and skipping of the mouse sicne I got i. I thought maybe it was my mouse pad, so I got a new mouse pad after cleanign the lens of the mouse. Still it continued. After i built a new rig, the sam e problem continuied to occur. I was able to finally find out that it was due to me being an early adopter for the mouse and that I would need to get a new produced mouse so I can perform updates.
      « 

Show Less"
Every single button can be reprogrammed aside from the dpi and mode switch buttons.
I thought it would at first but it never has
It helps. Being able to switch weapons in a bind and using the g shift button to temporarily lower the sensitivity when sniping and instantly go back to normal sensitivity is nice. This is the best mouse I've ever used. Feels great works great and will last for a long time.
No, they are well enough apart that they are easily pushed separately but it does take time to get used to it.
Yes it is. Just tested it now :D
It seems to be a bit more loving to a palm grip, but either will work
No. The headset fits snugly on the head. They're not too tight though.
With the open foam ear cups, you have very good ambient awareness. Sound  quality is very good, although sensitivity is a little low if you try to use these for mobile device.
No.
Mic works really well.
They are on ear, not bad for sound isolation though.
According to the information from Ubisoft on Amazon, it does.  If you're purchasing it used, I'd ask.  I can understand thinking it wouldn't at that price, but the info says it does.
No.
Yes
Out of the box, this game is solely focused on guitar. You must purchase a digital add on for bass guitar. At the time I purchased the add on it was USD $9.99. That said, the bass feature works great and is a ton of fun. Just be aware that this feature costs extra.
The game reads like tablature, not musical notes and therefore is unfortunately guitar and bass specific.
Mine included bass. That's what I bought it for. If you like it, I suggest later buying RS 2014. The format is much smoother, and if you have already purchased and loaded original Rocksmith, you can import those songs into RS 2014, and play those songs with improved game play.
Yes, with two cords, two people can play.
If this question has come to me because it's the same one I purchased, rest easy, it will include the cable. Get ready to rock!
I don't know...  Using it on a PC
No
It does work with Windows 8 and 8.1.
I play project m on it all of the time. You have to play with the configurations on it to emulate a true gc controller. It may not be 1 to 1 accuracy but I think it works well enough for practice if its your only option. Playing on a gamecube or wii would be better if you have it.
if it has controller support it should. use joy2key if not.
No
No it doesn't
It's read as a generic input, so any emulator allowing button mapping (which should be all of them)  should be compatible.. I used it specifically with dolphin, but should work elsewhere. I don't support emulation, and the only games I emulate are isos I rip off my own discs to play over the Internet Internet  with friends.
What? Just hit escape and save the game? Then hit exit? I haven't played in a while, so I can't quite remember, but this seems most logical to me.
Nope. It's a game with 2 CDs to run on PC under steam and not a game code. I hope it helps and good luck with this awesome game!!!
No
No, it does not. It is single player only. But my kid and I go back and forth until one of us gets 3 stars.
I've tried heating it with he headset but it just doesn't work.  I'm currently ordering parts to to construct a very large microwave.
On a 360 you plug them into the controller for chat, and the console for game audio and power.
Yes you may need an adapter to convert your your headphone/line out jack to the RCA connections for the headphones.
So that's 2 yes and 1 no.  What is it???
Vikki, I am not sure how many gaming chairs will have a USB port to support amplified headsets. Unless you can tell me which gaming chair it is, I would get a headset like the PX22, Shadow, or Z60 that has a detachable inline amp. These would work as a passive headset using a 3.5mm jack or an amplified headset with USB -- you would have options. Another option that does not use an inline amp at all is the X12 -- 3.5mm plug for game audio and a 3.5mm plug for chat audio. If you have a link to the actual chair I can investigate it for you.
Amanda this is strictly a wired headset, and while you can use it with a PC, it won't work with a mobile device. Let me know if you are looking for a wired or wireless device. And let me know if you want it to work with both an Xbox 360 AND a mobile device, or just a mobile device. I can give you both wired and Bluetooth options for both scenarios.
If by everything you mean everything you need to hook it up to your tv and xbox to make it work then yes, yes it does
Yes sir it is ^___^
why yes, yes it is. this is the one I've got, ordered it together with the hard pouch HORI Nintendo 3DS XL Retro Mario Duraflexi Protectorthe duraflexi does add some slight bulk to the system but nothing in the way of any real weight.I highly recommend both products.
Yes it is
Yes, My son uses for his 3DS XL i bought about 6 month ago.
If it adds lots of width then no. The 3DS XL is comfortably filling the case
It can hold up to 6 games (7 if you include a game in your 3ds like I do). As for the thicker stylus, it really depends on the measurements of the stylus because the slot that I see can hold a thickee stylus as long as it is no longer than 3-4 inches or so.
Holds 6, description is inaccurate.
Holds easily 12 games but charger will not fit at all.
It's a soft interior hard shell case for the XL. Storage space for 3 games perfectly, might fit with a small case on the 3DSXL. I've had mine over a year now and it's held up perfectly.
You shouldn't have an issue. Might be a little snug.
Yes! I use it all of the time when I take it to school and it's great. I feel safe that it wont move around while in case or get face damage because the outer layer provides enough protection. Hope this helps!
Yes, it will fit.  That's what I have and it works great.  Shouldn't need anything else with it.
Yes
No, and strongly advise you not waste your money
No you don't, you insert a flash drive to your Xbox move what items you want to the flash drive. After you done that install the new hard drive and then you can move what you have on the flash drive to the hard drive.
If its the one from haussbell, no. You have to buy the $60 from the Microsoft seller for it to work with original Xbox games. Anything but the specific Microsoft brand will not play original Xbox games.
Yes,it will. I installed bf3 with no problems. But doesn't BF4 require a whole lot more than that?
Its not OEM so model numbers won't help but I assure you it will work with your 360 s as it did with my 360 s to test for my nephews 360 e
I'm not sure, he don't have that game, but we have been having issues with our XBOX live. He can't play online and hasn't been able to in a week. The hard drive does work. I had to figure it out. But it works.
I am sure you can, just use the Xbox like a computer when it ask you where to save it you will have the option to either use either storage area's. Hope this was helpful.
I have no experience with that issue. The only thing I know is that this hard drive is specifically for the 360 SLIM, so if you are using it on a standard 360 that could be the problem; although I'm not a tech or a gamer. I bought it for my grandsons 360 Kinect Slim. Sorry I couldn't be more help to you.
I have a windows 8 it works jus fine you can check this site to see if The Sims 3 runs on your computer. http://www.systemrequirementslab.com/cyri/ when you reach the site just type The Sims 3 and it will tell you if it can work. Because it really depends on the graphics and other hardware. Good luck
All of The Sims 3 games, ie seasons, are expansion games of the original game. They add new features to the original game play.If you want to wait, Sims 4 is planned for release at the end of the year.
I don't think it matters as long as you have the base game.
Yes I bough some from orgin and amazon and they work fine !
Yes, you download the extra game content and they send an email with the game code you need. It's pretty easy.
Excellent sound quality for the money, two year warranty. Buy with confidence.
No
I just stretched it across my room to measure it for you and i ran out of room lol. It's over 15 ft. Very long.
If you want to take the astro mix amp + pc headset route, i'd recommend the Senn pc360. That seems to be agreed on as the best combo for quality surround sound. Pricey though. Honestly, save money and get the u320's. You'll be happy with the sound.
No. It doesn't have the audio jack cable thing
Yes
Not sure. I can, however, tell you that the chat volume switching did not work for me on my PS4. The volume of the headset was also kind of low. I ended up returning mine and got an Afterglow headset that GameStop currently has on clearance. Check for these in your area. They are clearance priced down to $149.99.http://www.imgur.com/IH1P0m1.jpeg
You would also need a Xbox One Stereo Headset Adapter: http://www.xbox.com/en-US/xbox-one/accessories/headsets/stereo-headset-adapter
Yes. I use it for tennis, baseball, golf, & bowling.
Yes it did. It also came with a silicone case as well.
It does not, what you see is what is there, the is one other button that is on the back and that is the trigger
Our wii is about 5 years old and it works great with it.
No
No
it takes just 2 AA batteries (included). The battery pack is optional.
for certain games, yes, u need a nunchuk. but this remote does not come with a nunchuk if that's what u mean
Perfectly! All the way to a Galaxy Note. This thing rocks. Good investment and makes games so much easier. Just get REAL BATTERIES. No cheap ones orb it won't connect at all.
Nope. Not at all. There is no port for this thing, and it doesn't charge over USB either. I can't stress enough exactly how much of a horrible purchase this is. Also, your tablet doesn't have bluetooth? Is it an Android? If it is, it should have bluetooth as an option, but it might not if it isn't one.  Still, in all, DO NOT BUY THIS THING. It is a waste of time and money.
Idk about the rechargeable batteries but it definitely fits the g-note 2. That's the same phone I use with it.
If you're especially tech savy; you can use it with emulators & other games, but you really need to know what you're doing.  You can map the buttons & triggers nanually.  Personally, I'm very content with the available games, & the list will only grow.   Titles like NOVA, Dead Trigger 2 & Aliens vs Predator are amazing with the moga pro...console experience wherever you go.  But get the moga pro if your going to get an android controller - it's waaay better (&more; comfortable) than the original moga...
Works perfectly on an S5
It works with drastic, John gba, my boy, and a great color emulator but the driver apps are crappie and it doesn't like to stay connected for long if at all. The nyko one is infinitely better..
It takes ,2 AAA battery
I have only used Super GNES through the Google Play Store and it works great. I would make sure that the emulator application you are planning to use supports the Moga platform before you purchase it.
The unit is used in conjunction with your smart phone, in my case a Galaxy 3. The games are stored in the phone memory
Download ZeeMouse from http://www.bitbanksoftware.com/tinytools.html and it will let you map the buttons correctly. Works great!
Yes with some games not all
Yes, this is an official Nintendo product.  However, please be aware that (as indicated by the picture) this is the Japanese model.  As such, you'll notice the text on the box is in Japanese.  I have not noticed any compatibility issues whatsoever.  For that matter, the controller feels and responds exactly like my US version Pro controller.  No discernible difference, other than the text on the back of the controller also being in Japanese.
Nope, Wii games played on the Wii U must be played with Wii controllers. You can pick up the Wii Classic Pro Controller and a Wii mote, but as for the Wii U Pro controller, that can only be used with compatible Wii U games.
It works perfectly fine with the NA console. Syncing the controller is very simple, its just pressing the sync button on the back of the game pad and the sync button on the Wii u console itself.
No. It has a built in battery that is charged via a USB cable that is included.
Yes with both games
Yes
Absolutely.  It makes playing easier overall.
I don't know. To my knowledge I've never had a Japanese game.
Netflix will be preinstalled, but you have to log in or make a new account. New accounts will get a 1 month free trial.  Service is 8.99 a month for streaming video.
Yes it's a super slims well that's what my friend just told me. But you should buy from EZCORP they are awesome I had a small problem with something missing and they shipped it to me in a heartbeat. I recently bought a PS4 from them.
Yes, it will play blu ray, but not HD DVDs.
I honestly don't remember I haven't use it since 2010
Sorry friend, no backwards compstibility, I'm afraid. Use the PS store/Amazon to get your fix. PS1 digital downloads are cheap and there are HD remasters of old PS2 games available for the PS3. Happy gaming!
"I use mine in Africa (220-240V).  I believe it says it is capable of 240V, but its either on the power plug or the specifications.  Nonetheless, I use a UPS, through a transformer, which gives 120v at 50 hz.  The Hertz is mostly relevant to motors, so does not really affect the PS-3 enough to worry about.  I use a UPS because I lost an XBox 360 to a power surge, and don't want to go through that again.  You can get a UPS for less than $100, converting 240 into 120.  I will say, I have no problems in this area, with this setup.  The specs (online) will confirm if it uses 240V (220 to 250, really about the same).  I will not plug anything into 240V unless it specifically says it can handle it.  Easy, quick way to lose an investment.  I am an electrician.  Don't want to take any chances.  When in doubt, UPS and transformer (120 to 240V).  Transformer in the wall, UPS to transformer, PS3 to UPS.  By the way, this is a great setup for just about anything, except things with motors (like coffee machines, clocks, equipment that has motors.  Motors don't like 50 hz much unless they are rated for it).  Good luck.



    I use mine in Africa (220-240V). I believe it says it is capable of 240V, but its either on the power plug or the specifications. Nonetheless, I use a UPS, through a transformer, which gives 120v at 50 hz. The Hertz is mostly relevant to motors, so does not really affect the PS-3 enough to worry about. I use a UPS because I lost an XBox 360 to a power surge, and don't want to go through that again. You can get a UPS for less than $100, converting 240 into 120. I will say, I have no problems in this area, with this setup. The specs (online) will confirm if it uses 240V (220 to 250, really...
      » 
Read More


   I use mine in Africa (220-240V).  I believe it says it is capable of 240V, but its either on the power plug or the specifications.  Nonetheless, I use a UPS, through a transformer, which gives 120v at 50 hz.  The Hertz is mostly relevant to motors, so does not really affect the PS-3 enough to worry about.  I use a UPS because I lost an XBox 360 to a power surge, and don't want to go through that again.  You can get a UPS for less than $100, converting 240 into 120.  I will say, I have no problems in this area, with this setup.  The specs (online) will confirm if it uses 240V (220 to 250, really about the same).  I will not plug anything into 240V unless it specifically says it can handle it.  Easy, quick way to lose an investment.  I am an electrician.  Don't want to take any chances.  When in doubt, UPS and transformer (120 to 240V).  Transformer in the wall, UPS to transformer, PS3 to UPS.  By the way, this is a great setup for just about anything, except things with motors (like coffee machines, clocks, equipment that has motors.  Motors don't like 50 hz much unless they are rated for it).  Good luck.
      « 

Show Less"
With analog TV is ok. Netflix, only suscribe credit card before to play app
This one does not.  What sets this one apart from the one with two or three games is that this comes with 500 gigs of memory and the others come with much less.
Very good item
Yes it does
"I have not tried every feature of the controller, but the ""Rapid Fire"" does work with Titanfall."
Sorry Alexander we returned the controller because it did not do what they advertised. It was basically just like a regular controller. I hope that helps
It uses the sync button to change mods, to go back you hold right trigger and press sync
Yes and no. You can have it on and stuff but honestly it's no help cause you can't get in a car and drive with most of them and it's just kinda useless. But don't get me wrong this remote is absolutely amazing, I never game without it.
Don't buy it, controller broke in less then 2 months. Sticks stopped working to move around. Couldn't get my money back.
It kind it does work would be old to buy a lags a lot and some of the features really don't work all that well it's kind of expensive control for what it does a good will be done better
Yea
No, they have a really long cord.
Yes, there is a cable that plugs into the headset, then plugs into the device that plugs into your pc/console. Or it can be plugged into a phone or mp3 player, etc. Its long but not too long, about the same length as most earbuds.
Plug the av cables into the TVs audio out and then plug the USB cable into the Xbox .PS its not wireless spend a couple of dollars more and buy the Plyer 2 scucandy
No
No they only work on the 360 xbox . I have both and use both..
No.
yes but not as good
I can't say; I have Windows 7.
Yes, you'll have to create an account, or use a previous one. If you dint have stream downloaded, during installation of shogun 2 out will ask you to download it for you. Hope this helps.
It can be 1 per turn depending on how upgraded the castle and province is. Generally ashigaru (commoners with weapons) units are recruited quickly. (1 turn = 1 season) More skilled units (Samurai, Kisho Ninja, Warrior Monks) will take longer 2-4 turns.
I have windows 8 and it runs perfectly for me.
It came with multiple install disks. One for Shogun 2, and another for the expansion sets.
You can play offline to with ou no problem, online online if you want to play multiplayer
Yeah the one I got came with original case and game with everything in it  like instructions and the product key.
Not programmable but compatable.
Mines still running after a few months so I'd say it's good enough for that
I don't know but I think you can configure them to.
That's weird, my mouse worked right when I plugged it in. Make sure its on (switch on the bottom), plugged in (wireless USB reciever), and the light on your mouse is on. If all of those are working, then I have no idea.
Didnt recieve any software with the mouse and could not locate any.  Now, having said that, its fairly easy to set the function for each of the buttons.  Simply press the key on the keyboard you want a button to use while holding down the button on the mouse.....wait a minute...I think its the other way round...hold down the keyboard then select the mouse button...hmmm.....cant remember now for sure...<laugh>  Doesnt matter, just try either way and whichever one will work.
They mailed me a totally wrong mouse with different name...but mine has 2 clicks.
If your asking if it's like the sound of a mechanical one no. Other than that it has the normal click noise... (Also depends on how hard you hit it)
I don't know about cheat codes, but if you get stuck, you can pull up a walk thru online, and find out how to beat a particular spot where you keep getting killed. Probably best to stay at the amateur level. You can play either on or offline, but I don't think you can get infinite ammo.
Yes, no problem
Yea
well its easy you only just put it on your computer and Install the game probably it will update something if you have internet connection at the installation process but its easy to install. XD good luck
PC version runs on any computer with Windows (from XP to 8 I guess) and the game minimum requirements. Only console versions could have a region code (pal or ntsc), which could vary in different countries.
it's like any shooter at 3rd person, it's a very cool game.
Its a disk that activates a steam game
Christmas CaroleChameleonAliceBig Money ShowBlast ZoneBurnin LoveClover CashEngine no. 1Fairy TalesKilaueaMaraschinosRobin HoodShimmerThey Came From Outer Space3 WitchesTiger' RealmXerxes
It has been working for me without the disc in, but I have other WMS games also installed and as long as I have one of their discs in, I can switch to the other games without switching discs.
it's been so long I forget. and don;t have the item installed anymore. sorry I couldn't be of more help.
What did you want to know about the installation?
What part of the instructions are you having trouble with?
there should have been a small catalog that came with the gameclick start button or emblem click computer or my computer right click on the dvd-rom drive left click open or explore locate file named setup.exe.it should look  blue with sail-boats double click setup.exe to start installation follow on screen instructions to install i have windows 8 it asks if i want to put this on my computer i check yes by the way i finished my dvd loved it good luck
Yes.  The audio cable has two inseparable audio cables: one for the mic, one for the stereo audio.  Both are standard male audio jacks.
as long as something is playing yes , but if nothing is playing in the headset u can still hear your surroundings but very dim voice
It comes with a very long cord, 10 feet(I measured it)...and the cable is not like the plastic ones, it is more like a nylon cord. Great quality for the price
It's alright. Again, my review stated that you're purchasing a budget gaming headset. You aren't going to get anything stunning for your 30-40 dollar purchase, but you will certainly get more than what is necessary for gaming. You are able to hear environmentals and SFX perfectly. Bass is great for music, not so much environment. If you're looking for a musically dedicated headset, look for those without a mic. Those tend to focus more on the quality of sound and not so much the tandem.
You will need to purchase a USB adapter. Most recent Macs have a 3.5mm line level input, but the mic will not work without an amplifier or phantom power. The G430 has the adapter included. You can purchase the G430's adapter on an auction site. It will allow you to use the G230 with a USB port.
that's not a product question but a technical question related to your operating system and your software/hardware
I encourage you to ask questions on actual USB sound card products instead.
"i personally think this guy's sound really good!! the ""surround sound"" on the G430 is just the external sound card, the ""adapter to convert from 3.5 to USB"" and some software tweaks so if you want a headset that can be used on PS3 buy the 430 but if is just for pc then you better buy this one."
No.
It does, the wire is pretty long and the method for 'shortening' it is pretty much bunching it up and tying it.
The limited edition comes with an extra couple missions and a exclusive jacket to be worn by the chracter. If the price is very different I would just buy the standard edition unless you really want those two missions.
Only redeemable once
INFAMOUS SECOND SON is an exclusive title that you must have as a PS4 owner. Watchdogs is also a good open world sandbox and its also fun too. Tomb raider is more of an adventure and action game. I have all of these titles, personally I choose watchdogs because it gives more play hours and it has a lot of fun extras games that you can play online.
no I ordered the limited edition and got the Normal version no Code.
It is only 3rd person.
I don't think EA is interested in helping anyone who uses a Mac.  I had a Mac and could not play with Pets because of the horse issue, which to my knowledge still isn't fixed.  They make the greatest games on earth, but they're glitchy, buggy, and don't work right half the time.  I will not be buying Sims 4 either.
I brought this for my Granddaughter, but I do believe you need the first one since it is called an expansion pack, sounds like it expands the original version.  Elizabeth
It can be used for both.
Yes
My daughter said you can use the tutorials to get familiar with the game.
No, I do not have problems with freezing or anything like that with the Sims 3 game. You might need to download the latest update.
Yes. However, be wary of Island Paradise. It freezes often and you have to reset the Sim every time.
Yeah, who cares if a 13 year-old is exposed to digital murder and bloodshed so long as they don't, god forbid, see a digital naked person or hear a curse word?
There is a multi-player option, yet I have not tried it yet.
You can play through the entire single-player campaign without an Xbox live account or membership
He does indeed become an Assassin throughout the game he was just a pirate but he grows up and ends up living by a creed instead of living by his own selfish desires
you cant play xbox360 games on xbox 1
Yes it does
yes spanish for sure I have not tried french.
Yes
It takes up 1.10Gb of space.
No it had no downloadable content the first disk is the game and the second disk it to show you how to play it's a great game
There is not. There's no mechanic to create your own character (like in Dynasty Warriors 4). I still consider Dynasty Warriors 4 the best game in the series, with 8 being the second best. This is one reason for that.
English
No I do not remember there any profanity or cussing in this game. I believe it's rated T for Teens
I would assume you can do split screen co-op as in the previous games, haven't tested it on 8 though. As far as I know though, there is no online play.
It is in english.
I don't see why not.
No
As a big fan of the previous games, no, it's not, by far. It's twice as long, with charmless writing, padding and backtracking, and endless tutorials.
American.
No i did not get one probably the only way to get it is if you get the game brand new unopened
It's got its moments but it's fun!
With the legendary edition comes two disks. The first disc is the base game. The second disk contains all the DLC and its own installer, so you will not need an Internet connection. Just the second disk :)
584MB for Dawnguard , 791MB for Dragonborn , 74MB for Hearthfire, Totaling 1.42GB!
"You don't have to start from scratch. But be prepared. The new story lines will be applied right away. I loaded up a save I had not played in a while and went to the nearest forge to check out the new weapons and armor available for crafting. I was immediately interrupted by people recruiting vampire hunters. and immediately after that attacked by dragonborn cultists. Boy, was I surprised. I had forgotten what type of character this was and took some damage before I got back into the groove. Some bystanders were killed which I always try to avoid, so I will probably replay it now that I know these encounters are impending.Kev!



    You don't have to start from scratch. But be prepared. The new story lines will be applied right away. I loaded up a save I had not played in a while and went to the nearest forge to check out the new weapons and armor available for crafting. I was immediately interrupted by people recruiting vampire hunters. and immediately after that attacked by dragonborn cultists. Boy, was I surprised. I had forgotten what type of character this was and took some damage before I got back into the groove. Some bystanders were killed which I always try to avoid, so I will probably replay it now that I...
      » 
Read More


   You don't have to start from scratch. But be prepared. The new story lines will be applied right away. I loaded up a save I had not played in a while and went to the nearest forge to check out the new weapons and armor available for crafting. I was immediately interrupted by people recruiting vampire hunters. and immediately after that attacked by dragonborn cultists. Boy, was I surprised. I had forgotten what type of character this was and took some damage before I got back into the groove. Some bystanders were killed which I always try to avoid, so I will probably replay it now that I know these encounters are impending.Kev!
      « 

Show Less"
The Legendary edition has all of the DLC content that was ever released for Skyrim. I would definitely go with this version of the game.
If you really explore everything there is to offer in the game, it can get Mature. For an average player just playing the game it shouldn't be a problem. However if you try really hard you can encounter some Gore in battles and in cut scenes, you can experience some really cartoony drug/alcohol use, There is some language, and down right immoral values through out. However, I have played for hours and never seen anything sexual about the game at all.
"Thats strange, surprisingly this is pretty stable, I haven't had any issues with it, I don't know how long ago you played but they have done some updates to the game to help prevent bugs. I've encountered only one issue and that was my shield literally disappeared, like in the game I still had it and still blocked and moved like I had it but it was not visible and it wouldn't allow me to do any crafting, I restarted my system and booted up my save and it was fine. In any game this massive you will need be a little understanding of bugs. Some things pertaining to the game are hard to navigate like curing vampirism and such...some people just don't know those things so I'd do some googling on that kinda stuff. This is a great game and worth the buy though, I've had many many many hours of fun playing this game through again and still have not completed the DLC storys yet.



    Thats strange, surprisingly this is pretty stable, I haven't had any issues with it, I don't know how long ago you played but they have done some updates to the game to help prevent bugs. I've encountered only one issue and that was my shield literally disappeared, like in the game I still had it and still blocked and moved like I had it but it was not visible and it wouldn't allow me to do any crafting, I restarted my system and booted up my save and it was fine. In any game this massive you will need be a little understanding of bugs. Some things pertaining to the game are hard to...
      » 
Read More


   Thats strange, surprisingly this is pretty stable, I haven't had any issues with it, I don't know how long ago you played but they have done some updates to the game to help prevent bugs. I've encountered only one issue and that was my shield literally disappeared, like in the game I still had it and still blocked and moved like I had it but it was not visible and it wouldn't allow me to do any crafting, I restarted my system and booted up my save and it was fine. In any game this massive you will need be a little understanding of bugs. Some things pertaining to the game are hard to navigate like curing vampirism and such...some people just don't know those things so I'd do some googling on that kinda stuff. This is a great game and worth the buy though, I've had many many many hours of fun playing this game through again and still have not completed the DLC storys yet.
      « 

Show Less"
As long as it is legendary edition of skyrim, with the 2 discs. 1 disc being the actual game disc and the second disk being the DLC content. Used or new as long as you have those 2 discs
Kinect is problematic, and you do not actually need it.
Not at all, the game does have some history based on the previous game but that doesn't matter to how you play at all and there it no character carry over like in mass effect.  It will take you weeks to play all of the quests and find everything.  Have fun!
You certainly can.but only if your in India at the same time.
Not to be rude but if you aren't going to be using this system via HDMI than I don't recommend buying one.  This system will support the next gen graphics and if you can't enjoy them via hdmi it would be a waste of money.  Stick with a 360 for a while untill you get an HD TV, the 360 will support a lot of the same games for the next couple years...they just won't support the same shading, lighting, and all around resolution such as the One, but they will be the same games.
Not a clue, sorry.
Yes. The system comes with a controller. I hope this information helps.
so far they have not released anything about making the games backwards compatible. Sadly to say I am pretty sure they aren't going to make them backwards compatible.
To my knowledge, no. The Xbox One kinect has a proprietary plug and is more advance then the 360 Kinect. The 360 Kinect lack many of the advances of the new Kinect and I don't know what the plug for the 360 Kinect is so I don't even know if you could hook it to the Xbox one if you wanted.
It is a app that u can download to phone to control or enhance gameplay on console.
Mine did not, that was when they came out though
Yes, it does. I also works on Windows 8.1
You can use a xbox 360 wired controller. Or if you have a ps3 controller you can download motionjoy and make the ps3 controller emulate a 360 controller. That is if the ps3 controller is not recognized.
No this is for windows based computers
yes
No
Yes
M using the windows compatible version of XBOX 360 controller... it works flawlessly!!!
CLAW grip mouse
You can! You have to install the Corsair M40 Mouse configuration program (available on their website) but you can remap it to another prebuilt command or to emulate a keystroke.
regula size mouse.
The website system requirements state that it works in Windows 8. I plugged it into my surface tablet for a test, worked immediately.
If free-scrolling is the kind you can flick and it keeps spinning, then no - it's an incremental click scroll.
Nope
There's only 3 levels and they're preset, no granular control. The buttons right below the mouse wheel is what controls the DPI. I can't remember what the numbers were but the highest was over 1k.
Yes, you are able to turn the Corsair glow off if you want through the software that you download from their website.
Yes there is. I knew nothing when I started with the original Rocksmith and this version is much improved. In both they show you everything even down to the names of each part of the guitar. They also have lessons on basic stuff that'll be useful in many songs you play later. I highly recommend this. You'll see results ONLY if you put in time every week. Every day would be even better.
From what I understand two people can plug in and play on the same system. Two cables are required to do so and you cannot play online with someone.
Honestly yes it is worth it. You get ALOT more content on the new one and the second one is more of an upgrade to the Rocksmith product rather than just a sequel. Definitely get the new one you won't regret it
Epiphone SG junior is a good beginner guitar and can be bought for about $110 shipped on amazon. It's a simple light guitar with a single humbucker pickup and an easy to play low action neck.
The actual game will only come with an air guitar, this guitar will only exist in your imagination and does not plug into any systems but your mind (advantage is calibration is not required and neither is tuning). For a physical guitar you can either buy the guitar and video game bundle or purchase the game and guitar separately.
7-8 foot you can get a double female and another guitar cable from a music store and go all over the house
Yes you can just change your settings before playing on multiplayer as long as you have it on the same console and 2 cables you should be good to go
It does have bass.
Its pretty easy to use on the PS3, never tried it on a PC.
No as per my knowledge, but some ubisoft PS3 can be upgraded by purchasing some activation code like Assassin Creed IV, pleas see the link below http://youtu.be/q2_G6Pthje4I hope that helpedenjoy
The same way you set up any turtle beaches, just put the red & white component cables from your console into the turtle beach ports & you'll be fine, the HDMI is from your console to your TV, that has nothing to do with the beaches. :D
amazon
Yes it's ps4 compatible
Play On AnythingGo from a console player on Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 to a PC or Mac gamer to playing on your phone, tablet or mobile gaming device and back again with a quick switch of wires.  3.5mm, 4-pole auxillary cable,   RCA splitter cable
If you mean the voice cable for the 360 then yes other than that I do not know
Yes indeed. The inline amp has an input where you can connect any source using a 3.5mm jack. So you can plug in your phone, tablet, or anything else you just need the right cable. Fortunately it also comes with a 3.5mm mobile adapter cord and a 3.5mm to RCA plug adapter cord.
The Shadow uses a thick rubber coated cable. The next version up in this line, the Spectre, uses the braided cloth.
Yes
Yes it does, my son and I enjoy playing together.
Yes it does!  That's what I use to play this game! :)
All controller options are supported
This game is for the Wii U, so it won't work on an older system. You can play Wii games on the Wii U however.
Both games are a bit challenging. I haven't completed Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze to assess the whole game, but I don't think Returns is any harder. If you thought the previous one was too difficult, you might not like this one either. I would recommend Super Mario 3D World as it is easier but a lot of fun.
The game is a 2D platformer in which you, as Donkey Kong, romp through lush worlds, reaching the end of each level, and facing difficult boss battles. Donkey Kong can run, jump, roll, climb, and pound the ground. He can also have an ally like Diddy, Dixie, or Cranky Kong to use powers such as hovering, a double jump, and bouncing.
Much, much harder. The game even borders on cruel at times. However, it is some of the most clever and ingenious platformer game design I've ever played. Plus, I'm a sucker for the music and style of the original games and this one manages to more closely capture the imagination of those games.
I have a 4 & 8 years old who love the same games and they love this game!! We play together and we teach them to never give up!!!!
This is for the original Wii. The Wii version will work on the Wii U, but not vice versa.
Yes, the belt is necessary BUT it already comes included with the game. I found this out after I purchased an additional belt. I love this zumba though! Have fun!
It always plays through the entire song. If you're doing well, you get more background dancers and the scene lights up more. If you start doing poorly later on, the extra dancers will disappear and the scene will go back to the original style.
Yes, the belt is included.
I haven't done the Zumba videos. I like the game because it walks you through most of the steps, scores you based on how well you follow the steps and keeps track of your progress.
Yes, I have lost over 40lbs in 5 months doing the elliptical for about 50 minutes in the morning and doing a full hour of Zumba in the evening anywhere between 4-7 days a week. I was more consistentl with Zumba precisely because it was so much fun while getting a great calorie burn. Don't be too concerned about staying on beat, my motto was as long as I was moving I was burning and I lost going from a size 14-16 to down to a size 6-8 in only 5 months!
You don't really have to hold the remote, the video comes with a belt for you to put the remote in while working out.
It didn't, I already had one.
Yes it does
For $30? No
The keys light up. The letters also light up blue as well as under the keys. It's a pretty good mouse and keyboard I like mine.
You can turn on and off the LED back light on the keyboard using the scroll lock button.  The mouse is permanently lit; no on and off button.  I'm not sure about the warranty.
Yea I like it that way but it's definetly not quiet
Has a nice matte finish, some parts of the keyboard are glossy for looks but it doesn't look like cheap glossy plastic. Keys feel nice. Outside of the keys doesnt feel as nice as the keys but it doesnt feel cheap, its nice and sturdy. Looks good.
"My daughter said the quality is FANTASTIC.  I talk outside the room they are playing their games and the person on the other end can hear me clear as a bell.  She said you can hear everything.  They are well made.  They are definately worth the price.  There were 2 in the package and I bought 2.  I gave them 1 and I have 3 put away.  My kids were going through 1 headset every 2 Months.  Maybe more.  Un like the cheap ones you get with XBOX, which have only one side for hearing and they were cheap with the band around the head, these  are like stereo headphones with both ears with cushions (real cushions not that cheap black stuff) and a Mic that has metal around the bendable stick part.  All in all,this was a great find as far as I am concerned, and I am very happy that I purchAsed them.  I'm sure you will be happy too !!



    My daughter said the quality is FANTASTIC. I talk outside the room they are playing their games and the person on the other end can hear me clear as a bell. She said you can hear everything. They are well made. They are definately worth the price. There were 2 in the package and I bought 2. I gave them 1 and I have 3 put away. My kids were going through 1 headset every 2 Months. Maybe more. Un like the cheap ones you get with XBOX, which have only one side for hearing and they were cheap with the band around the head, these are like stereo headphones with both ears with cushions (real...
      » 
Read More


   My daughter said the quality is FANTASTIC.  I talk outside the room they are playing their games and the person on the other end can hear me clear as a bell.  She said you can hear everything.  They are well made.  They are definately worth the price.  There were 2 in the package and I bought 2.  I gave them 1 and I have 3 put away.  My kids were going through 1 headset every 2 Months.  Maybe more.  Un like the cheap ones you get with XBOX, which have only one side for hearing and they were cheap with the band around the head, these  are like stereo headphones with both ears with cushions (real cushions not that cheap black stuff) and a Mic that has metal around the bendable stick part.  All in all,this was a great find as far as I am concerned, and I am very happy that I purchAsed them.  I'm sure you will be happy too !!
      « 

Show Less"
I don't think the system matters because it's the controllers that you attach the headset to.
You still hear the sounds on these, but I prefer that so I can moniter what is being said. I really don't think children should be set loose on the internet without an adult present because there are a lot of inappropiate things said on the internet, especially in these game rooms. I moniter everythilng when my grandkids are on the internet. When they hear me say that's enough they know to get out of that game right then or I will take the Xbox.
No it doesn't.  It's part of the plug assembly.
Yes my boyfriends uses his with his wireless controller it works perfect he loves it but you need an xbox online account to talk but the mic is awesome I recommend this mic it came early and works
It has a volume conto on the cord. Slider wheel.
yes...only the wireless controllers...i don't recommend this item..They came in my home out right out the package broke...never got to use them
Yes
Small hole at bottom of controller. Under the bottom of where battery pack plugs in.
Yess it plugs in thee controller
One short. One long
It does it hooks up to the xbox controller and the computer so you can hear the game and chat.
no actually I've been trying to get in touch with you guys because the mic does not work what can I do about that
Yes but I recommend you get something stress bend kinda sucks
Its alright I wouldn't get it again for its price.
It works on my iPod and laptop perfectly and on ps3 n xbox
So the case is built onto the 3DS?  And you would leave the case on?  If so, maybe it would work.  The only thing I will say is: this case is designed for the 3DS XL.  The regular 3DS leaves quite a bit of space on the sides.  In your situation maybe that's a good thing.  But I couldn't be 100% sure...just a guess.
It fits both.
It fits the 3DS XL, so it should fit the DSi XL
No you can not.
Nope, just storage.
A regular 3DS will, in fact, fit in this case.  While it is designed with the XL in mind, it holds pretty firm so you shouldn't have to worry about too much sliding around.  There are smaller cases for the standard size 3DS too.
Yes, that's what I got it for and it is a perfect fit.
Yes
Yes. It did come with the SD card, wall charger and stylus.
Not sure about Netflix but my sons watch YouTube videos on it. Don't know if that helps or not.
"That appears to be it, I've never seen knock-offs of Nintendo products, and it would be pretty hard to duplicate that complex technology...This is the same one that I have in red...it's an awesome, incredible device, I was worried when I bought it that it wouldn't catch on, there would be a new one, or there wouldn't be enough games..but, it took off, and is definitely the best and neatest one they have ever made, I'm a serious collector of all games and gaming systems and consider this to be one of the most amazing devices ever made! Don't go for the cheaper 2DS or lesser models, this is the one to get! 3d effect is amazing, and can be turned off, or varied in intensity! Plenty of great games ou there for it as well. Don't know anyone who's been unhappy with it, only those unhappy they bought the cheaper or older models...



    That appears to be it, I've never seen knock-offs of Nintendo products, and it would be pretty hard to duplicate that complex technology...This is the same one that I have in red...it's an awesome, incredible device, I was worried when I bought it that it wouldn't catch on, there would be a new one, or there wouldn't be enough games..but, it took off, and is definitely the best and neatest one they have ever made, I'm a serious collector of all games and gaming systems and consider this to be one of the most amazing devices ever made! Don't go for the cheaper 2DS or lesser models, this is...
      » 
Read More


   That appears to be it, I've never seen knock-offs of Nintendo products, and it would be pretty hard to duplicate that complex technology...This is the same one that I have in red...it's an awesome, incredible device, I was worried when I bought it that it wouldn't catch on, there would be a new one, or there wouldn't be enough games..but, it took off, and is definitely the best and neatest one they have ever made, I'm a serious collector of all games and gaming systems and consider this to be one of the most amazing devices ever made! Don't go for the cheaper 2DS or lesser models, this is the one to get! 3d effect is amazing, and can be turned off, or varied in intensity! Plenty of great games ou there for it as well. Don't know anyone who's been unhappy with it, only those unhappy they bought the cheaper or older models...
      « 

Show Less"
"No it cant play them. Only plays DS, DSi, and 3DS games. But some games have been rereleased as a game for DS. Example the classic sonic the hedgehog games got released as ""sonic classics"" a DS tittle. ""Namco museum DS"" is another good DS game, it rereleases old arcade games like ""galega"" and "" Pac-Man""."
Yes
All 1.0 characters are playable on 2.0, but playsets are not compatible so you can only use the characters in ToyBox mode.
Characters work on any platform. Infinity bases are platform specific. Example: If you purchase Infinity for Wii and decide that you want to move to an XBox360, you will have to buy Infinity for XBox360 but you WILL NOT have to repurchase your characters.
"The figurines are sold alone. The packs are sold with two characters and two power discs. The play sets are sold with two characters and their own ""world"" to play in."
Yes, all the infinity characters are designed to cohesively work together.  It is kind of neat to see a Marvel character and Elsa cohabitate the game, she has similar powers to Iceman from the X-men
Yes, as I live in Australia.  I have brought the item and it works here.
Its for 1.0 but can be used on the 2.0 in the toybox
Yes
Yes
No it does not play on the original Wii. To play Infinity 2.0 characters you need to change to a X Box 1 or a Playstation 4 or the Wii universe (or whatever the latest model is called).
2 Origin keys: 1 for DA: Origin Ultimate,  1 for DA 2
All dlc for origins, base game only for da2. Note that to properly authorize dlc for origins, latest patch must be downloaded.
The key is for origin
Yup... Works on Windows 8.
Yes Yes Yes and YES!!
For 360, you have to sign in under the person that has the gold membership, go to settings, accounts, memberships, and make sure your gold membership is applied. Whoever plays will have to play on that persons login. From what I have read online, for the xbox 360, each person has to have their own gold membership in order to play under their own login...which doesn't make sense because you have to be 13 to get a gold membership, yet the game is rated for 10+ and you can't play without gold.
No
You need an Xbox live gold subscription.... Xbox live gold is a paid subscription that Xbox users have to buy in order to play online games. Without a gold subscription you can only buy services and games from Microsoft but you cannot play online, since this game only has online multiplayer and no single player campaign you can't use it without the paid subscription.
I think acess too certain games in xbox one requires the same gold membership extra money per player as 360.  play station does not require additional payment no matter what version and all games like Minecraft and plants vs zombies are ps just like xbox. only xbox seems to want to charge extra
it is a monthly membership.  if you don't have it - you cannot play the game... AT ALL!  would have been nice to know that before we bought it.
Missing DLC is as follows. (Not counting outfits).Ultimate Vault Hunter Upgrade Pack 2 (Raised level cap to 72) 652 MB $4.99Headhunter 1: Bloody Harvest 549 MB $2.99Headhunter 2: Wattle Gobbler 1.22 GB $2.99Headhunter 3: Mercenary Day 1.22 GB $2.99Headhunter 4: Wedding Day Massacre 1.04 GB $2.99Headhunter 5: Son of Crawmerax 1.04 GB $2.99
You don't need an internet connection to play it, and it's kinda open ended, it's linear in a Skyrim sense, but parts of the world can only be unlocked through story quests.
Brand new CD so you can get rid of your other one. :D
It comes with all the DLC. My copy did not come with any pre-order bonuses, if that is what you mean.
Its on the disc it just installs it to your harddrive just make sure you have enough room on it.
If you need a map to play, go on the Internet.   This is one of the best fps rpgs out there.  You want it
This just comes with dlc. You can still play as the gunzercer, siren, assasin, and soldier, but it adds the mechromancer and psycho. You meet the characters from the original game in the story.
Yes, you can add on the extra downloadable content to multiple devices. I have done this to three different consoles, without issue.
No. This game comes with all the latest updates, patches and DLCs. The DLC's for the game though you will need a hard drive for since they take up 4.5 space of storage.
Gaming keyboards have faster reaction times
I believe the red one is the older version and do not have the backlight.
It's pretty quiet. The quietest keyboard I have ever owned. Had mine for almost 6 months and I use it very heavily. Outstanding product for the price
No, but it look pretty awesome and fairly easy to setup.
Yes. Just let it install the driver automatically.
My understanding is yes but of course you have ti have an PlayStation or Xbox hooked up of course.  I will ask my Grandson if I get better info than that if it will help,
As far as I know, you can only turn off the lights.
No, but it comes in a very professional box beside the control is awesome when u turn the light off, vibration is great, a really good investment I will buy a blue one as I got a green one ;)
Must be 3 or 4 feet. Hasn't been an issue for me because I sit next to my tower but its long enough to comfortably wrap around and plug it in the back and still have slack
Yes it does
Seems to be just over 7 feet.
Yes
I assme it should work for Mac computers. I'm sure the controller's drivers will automatically install once you plug it into the USB port on your Mac.
The only thing that I could find was this: Gu5.3 LED Bulbs, Light Lamp, 50w 60w Equivalent. The wattage seems a little high but the LEDs inside these contrallers are crazy bright. I never have mine on but my kids think that its cool.
Yes, it will come with everything you need to open the box, set it up and start playing. If anything is missing or if something is not working, let us know right away and we'll help you out. You get the same one year limited warranty and the same 30 day return period as all other ASTRO products.Regards,ASTRO Gaming
Yes
You get the same 1 year warranty. Go for it, I did, and I certainly don't regret it.
It should. You may have to update the mix amp on the Astro website. But I didn't buy the pc splitter. So you may have to purchase one sepretly or unless you can find one that comes with it.
It does work but you will need to purchase the xbox one chat adapter to be able to use the microphone.
Yes it comes with the Mix Amp. I had to follow instructions on a YouTube video because I had issues setting it up. It did not come with instructions.
The mixamp that comes with the headset provides Dolby digital 5.1. I have these and an Xbox one and can attest to this
Yes it should be. Call customer support or even better if they have live chat support let them know. They'll probably have you send the broken cable to them and they will send you a replacement
yes.
Yes, you can currently get it as a bundle through Blizzard and I highly recommend it!
I have no idea.  I have only established two characters.  I suggest you contact Blizzard, creator of Diablo III,  at https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/gameplay-questions to find your answer.
"Yes, on the surface it appears that its just one additional act but its a long act. There are also new additions and changes made to the whole game. there is a new character to play thru all 5 acts now. There are minor changes to the gems, one being that they added a new one. to level up the blacksmith and jeweler no longer requires pages or books but deaths breathes.  with the changes and the additions it is well worth the money to get the expansion pack just don't get the collectors edition. Once your character makes it all the way thru act v there is this whole other world-Adventurer Mode and rifts to play thru. So to answer your question yes its just one act but there are still so much more to it than just an additional act. If you love D3 then get the expansion you'll love it even more...



    Yes, on the surface it appears that its just one additional act but its a long act. There are also new additions and changes made to the whole game. there is a new character to play thru all 5 acts now. There are minor changes to the gems, one being that they added a new one. to level up the blacksmith and jeweler no longer requires pages or books but deaths breathes. with the changes and the additions it is well worth the money to get the expansion pack just don't get the collectors edition. Once your character makes it all the way thru act v there is this whole other world-Adventurer Mode...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, on the surface it appears that its just one additional act but its a long act. There are also new additions and changes made to the whole game. there is a new character to play thru all 5 acts now. There are minor changes to the gems, one being that they added a new one. to level up the blacksmith and jeweler no longer requires pages or books but deaths breathes.  with the changes and the additions it is well worth the money to get the expansion pack just don't get the collectors edition. Once your character makes it all the way thru act v there is this whole other world-Adventurer Mode and rifts to play thru. So to answer your question yes its just one act but there are still so much more to it than just an additional act. If you love D3 then get the expansion you'll love it even more...
      « 

Show Less"
The box contains a CD with authentication key for installation, a note pad, several guest passes for other battle net games and a very small instruction sheet on installation.Since you have Diablo III installed all you need is the key to get the expansion.
You cant. There is no cross server compatability between pc and ps3. So u would have to start from scratch on pc.
Only if you buy multiple copies.  Blizzard's policy is one copy, one player.  Your wife/husband, girlfriend/boyfriend, children, and friends can not play your copy.  It is grounds for account termination.
Do not let the high price fool you. This is not a complete game but rather a DLC.So, yes, you can continue with you old characters or (if not used up all 10 of the allowed characters) create new ones.
It now includes all the expansions except Warlords.
Yes, it's the same as the digital download on Blizzard's website except that it also comes with a nice starter's guide that details the classes and races and some basics of the game. It includes one free month of game time, as well as the first 3 expansions (Burning Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King, and Cataclysm.) This bundle does not include the newest expansion Mists of Pandaria.
This game contains ESRB blood and gore crude humor mild languaje suggestive themes use of alcohol violence for teen
Yes it does.
It has a Lot of commands and sub commands that xbox windows controller won't be enough'
In this case you should buy Mist of Pandarian as well. So the pandaren character would be included. Now since you played a trial I really don't know if your character will be deleted. I'm a new player on WOW and I was requested to create an original character from the initial game at lvl 50it will allow you to create other characters from the other expansions
You get the game, code and free game time
you boost from 1 to 90 instantly, but professions aren't level to max unless you have your character over lvl 60.
No
No
They are a tight fit on my controller, but I did get them to fit. I have a Microsoft brand wired controller, along with 4 wireless controllers and they fit them all.
Nope there Slick As hell Smooth movements/Aiming Worth the 15$ even without the regular Cover C:
Of course, I use it on my ps3 and it really improve my accuracy. Once you get use to it you will think that the thumb stick are more shorter than before you use kontro freak
yes
If you buy this new, It will come with a charger, stylus (I think an additional one) and voucher for game download.  Plus AR cards
Yes, this unit can play 3DS and DS games (but not game boy advance cartridges).
The charger is rated for 120 volts and 110 volts at 60hz. It has the standard two flat parallel prongs, but one is not bigger than the other.
No, the item does not include the download code.
No
Yes
Yes
No
Yes you do. There should be an option on your Playstation menu specifically for redeeming codes under the Playstation store column. It's actually a lot easier than you'd think it would be, and these expansions are entirely worth it :)
I gifted to hubby.  You will get an email with a set of codes for each expansion.  I believe hubby went to play station store and had an option to redeem codes.You will get instructions on redeeming with your email.  If you wanna package it cute, u can always write the codes down on a nice card :) I was too impatient lol just gave him the code off my phone.
"Absolutely!  Just be careful. One or more of the codes may require using the ""space bar"" rather than dashes (-).  The bundle was well worth the price. Get used to being attacked by vampires, a lot."
Just the expansions, not the base game
You must buy a disk for Playstation or download on Playstation to play the game. Better yet call PlaystationI'm sure they will answers all your questions.
"Yes, but how much it changes the game depends on whether you play on PC or console. All a patch does on a console is fix glitches and bugs and such with the game itself. On PC it does the same but in a way that changes the game in a few ways; for instance there is a patch that fixes the infamous dragon stalking glitch, where dragon skeletons follow you throughout the map, by erasing the dragon skeleton itself as soon as you fast travel away from it. Patches for console don't work this way. If you are on console the only way to really change the game is through DLCs and modded saves, not patches in other words. The most a patch for console will change is how merchants act and erase the ability to take advantage of various glitches. That's about it.



    Yes, but how much it changes the game depends on whether you play on PC or console. All a patch does on a console is fix glitches and bugs and such with the game itself. On PC it does the same but in a way that changes the game in a few ways; for instance there is a patch that fixes the infamous dragon stalking glitch, where dragon skeletons follow you throughout the map, by erasing the dragon skeleton itself as soon as you fast travel away from it. Patches for console don't work this way. If you are on console the only way to really change the game is through DLCs and modded saves, not...
      » 
Read More


   Yes, but how much it changes the game depends on whether you play on PC or console. All a patch does on a console is fix glitches and bugs and such with the game itself. On PC it does the same but in a way that changes the game in a few ways; for instance there is a patch that fixes the infamous dragon stalking glitch, where dragon skeletons follow you throughout the map, by erasing the dragon skeleton itself as soon as you fast travel away from it. Patches for console don't work this way. If you are on console the only way to really change the game is through DLCs and modded saves, not patches in other words. The most a patch for console will change is how merchants act and erase the ability to take advantage of various glitches. That's about it.
      « 

Show Less"
No, it's not included. You should buy it separately.
Yep. Same size with different theme color.
Yes
Yes!AVAILABLE LANGUAGESEnglish (US), Español (AL), Português (AL), English (EU), Deutsch, Español (EU), Français, Italiano, Polski, Русски;й, 한국어, 繁體中文, English (SEA)
yes.
No, the angel wings come in the first CE. This one has no exclusive in game contents... Sad.
Its the fisical
If you mean by DLC the hearthstone codes yes, for the other things no, since when you register the game it registers as the CE and it gives you automatically the other things
Yes. The collectors edition in-game items are only cosmetic.
If you attach the controller to the charging cable wires... yes but if you have a ps4 charging dock it will not work with grips on.
I guess it can, if you have enough friction.  They fit not perfect, but pretty good.  For me it did not affect the analog sticks.  The face buttons might take a while to get use to.  Cause now when u push on them they don't seem to move much.  Cause the thickness of the skin.  I hope that helps.
Definetely no need for removal
We Are Ships From China,shipping by USPS with tracking number from China 7-14 business days delivery.
It doesnt effect mine at all, u know when u have no skin on it an u move it up an down it makes like a crack or a snap noise u may not hear that but it doesnt make a difference with the mobility but if u do have a problem u jus may need to adjust the skin on the controller jus by pushing down under the analog when the skin is on an u should have no problems...
Yes, I wear glasses/have worn glasses my entire life and the headset is more comfortable than any other headphones/headset I've had.
Hi , No it is only for PC, works in all the functions only with computers
Oh yes. The case is very roomy.
Yes the Sentey headset works with either of them
Yes, it comes with two sets.  A leatherette and foam set.
Hi works in mac but not the software
I used the USA and Germany so far and both coaches celebrated the same way (nothing unique) so I'm assuming Piojo would not celebrate like he would in real life.
Hi. This game NEVER worked.we could not use it in USA.there was an error for area code.probably was for an other zone.be careful!
This game should be in three different languages, English, Spanish, and French.
National teams only. It includes all 203 that participated in the tournament.
Yes of course.
Yep this is it
It is both. A shooter with rpg elements such as health and a very robust looting system. Millions of different guns generated randomly.
The most significant thing that was sacrificed was graphical quality. Imagine playing a PC game on ULTRA settings then having to turn them down to medium because your PC isn't good enough. It's the same concept here. While the game still looks great, this is the most notable difference.  Everything else is practically the same. I did not notice increased or decreased load times.
Retail copy only requires 10 mb unless you want to download the extra content. There are 2 large downloads the come with the voucher code but the rest are tiny. I would say total you would need at least 1.5-2 gb to get everything.
Only have the download code with the DLCs. The code was from a Borderlands PS Vita bundle. Sorry I don't have what you're looking for.
No, the only cross platform functionality for this game is being able to transfer a save from PS3 to Vita and Vita to PS3
No
Yes it's $15 a month. The game new comes with a 30 day subscription. You can pay online or buy game time cards at the store. You do not need PlayStation plus to play this game online.
The box of the actual game is 11 x 8 inches. It came in a box 17 x 16 inches. Depth of about 2 inches for both.
It's an expansion.
When you activate the game it will allow you to add ps4 to your existing account.
Yes, it will be in you mail in the gm
There is a trial period
No, if PSN is down sometimes you can still log in, updates come less often but its fast
Ps3 to ps4 only, so if u order the ps3 version, u get the ps4 version for free with the upgrade option and u can carry over all your ps3 stats and characters too
Yes, The extra content which i believe is the In game bonuses that you are referring to are redeemable through playstation store. anybody can redeem it.
8.1?  I do not know.  It *just about* works on Vista - meaning that some of the tables appear stretched.  It came out before wide screen monitors, so it's video driver might have issues with proper scaling/aspect ratio.Plays fine on Vista though.
If you looked at previous questions and the answers that were given, it appears to work on Vista, 7, 8, and 8.1. I have it on CD, and know it works on Vista just fine on my older non widescreen monitor, however it's still notorious for the dreaded stuck key situation on some games, meaning the key commands for the flippers sometimes stick.
Yes.
"I really don't know, I do know it works on Vista, though I currently not gotten it reinstalled when I had to reinstall Vista over a year ago. I would imagine it might install on Win7 and work fine, unless there is a significant difference internally between Vista and Win7.I should note that I often played it on a standard aspect ratio monitor instead of my widescreen monitor (in dual screen mode) and it did fine. After all, it IS a Microsoft product so getting it to work on later OS may be easier than some others if you have issues initially as there is a make compatible mode for such older programs in newer OS'.



    I really don't know, I do know it works on Vista, though I currently not gotten it reinstalled when I had to reinstall Vista over a year ago. I would imagine it might install on Win7 and work fine, unless there is a significant difference internally between Vista and Win7.I should note that I often played it on a standard aspect ratio monitor instead of my widescreen monitor (in dual screen mode) and it did fine. After all, it IS a Microsoft product so getting it to work on later OS may be easier than some others if you have issues initially as there is a make...
      » 
Read More


   I really don't know, I do know it works on Vista, though I currently not gotten it reinstalled when I had to reinstall Vista over a year ago. I would imagine it might install on Win7 and work fine, unless there is a significant difference internally between Vista and Win7.I should note that I often played it on a standard aspect ratio monitor instead of my widescreen monitor (in dual screen mode) and it did fine. After all, it IS a Microsoft product so getting it to work on later OS may be easier than some others if you have issues initially as there is a make compatible mode for such older programs in newer OS'.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
If the program suports a joystick (x-plane does), then a flight stick will work just fine.
No force feedback. No Z axis for rudder control either.
Used mine for years.. Still going and working fine!,, even has lived through the Grand Kids !!!!
Yes, no rudder controls though.
According to 'mypilotstore.com' the CH Flightstick Pro is compatible with Windows 8, but was  not inclusive to 8.1.  It probably is.  Thanks, Ron K
Not for usb. Bluetooth support for external controllers are only available on a jailbroken device. Haven`t seen anything for USB.
I have not encountered this problem before, but, if you enter the joystick calibration program from inside the Gold X program, you should be able to determine if the stick is operating properly by watching the response on the calibration screen.  I do recall that years ago I had some issues with Microsoft CFS2 with loss of control of aircraft in the program, but, that was due to program errors and settings.  If Gold X has difficulty settings, you might check those and see if they are set properly.  Good luck.
my son has yet to use it since he is unable to load the game onto his laptop, so unfortunately I cnt help
"my old PC and my now newly-built one both have Windows-7 installed, and ""Doom 3"" runs perfectly fine.  Oh, and I'd stick with the 2004-05 versions of this and ""Resurrection of Evil"", and not get the BFG Edition (as they nerfed the hell out of that one)"
Try to run it on medium install. It could be that your MAC can't support the game on full install
"Collectors value.  The thing is the BFG edition is the better of the two.  With the BFG Edition You not only get Doom 3, but you get the original Doom, Doom 2, Doom 3, Doom 3 Resurrection of evil add on pack, plus 8 new levels known as, ""The lost mission"" that was never before seen from the rest of the Doom world.  While with Doom 3, you just get, well... Doom 3.  However I suppose the price for Doom 3 would be greater as it does have a bit of collectors value at this point, especially with the new Doom game about to drop between 2015 and 2016.  But I digress, if you're gonna try to get into Doom, I suggest the BFG edition all the way around.  I have both copies and BFG is a well worth it buy.



    Collectors value. The thing is the BFG edition is the better of the two. With the BFG Edition You not only get Doom 3, but you get the original Doom, Doom 2, Doom 3, Doom 3 Resurrection of evil add on pack, plus 8 new levels known as, ""The lost mission"" that was never before seen from the rest of the Doom world. While with Doom 3, you just get, well... Doom 3. However I suppose the price for Doom 3 would be greater as it does have a bit of collectors value at this point, especially with the new Doom game about to drop between 2015 and 2016. But I digress, if you're gonna try to...
      » 
Read More


   Collectors value.  The thing is the BFG edition is the better of the two.  With the BFG Edition You not only get Doom 3, but you get the original Doom, Doom 2, Doom 3, Doom 3 Resurrection of evil add on pack, plus 8 new levels known as, ""The lost mission"" that was never before seen from the rest of the Doom world.  While with Doom 3, you just get, well... Doom 3.  However I suppose the price for Doom 3 would be greater as it does have a bit of collectors value at this point, especially with the new Doom game about to drop between 2015 and 2016.  But I digress, if you're gonna try to get into Doom, I suggest the BFG edition all the way around.  I have both copies and BFG is a well worth it buy.
      « 

Show Less"
I dont know. It´s an old game. Please, do this questione to the factory game. But I think yes!
I don't remember. I gave the game away after playing it.  The game kind of sucked. Sorry
Initially, I did install the program on a laptop that was running Windows 8.  It seemed to work fine on it.  I haven't tried it on windows 8.1, but as 8.1 is a vast improvement over Windows 8, I would think it would run on it, but I can't say for sure.  The only things that really seemed to change from Windows 8 and 8.1 is just that 8.1 looks like the traditional Windows desktop, and they made the side bar less sensitive.  They also seemed to fix a lockup on start issue that was created with the first 8.1 Update.
Yes, Raymond,This version of Microsoft Flight Simulator does have 4 CD's   CD's 1, 2, and 3 load the program into your computer.CD 4 must remain in your CD Drive to activate and run the program.Happy Flights!!DWL
No, but you do need disk 4 in the cd/dvd drive.
Absolutely.
Garmin 500.  Easy to work with.
Yes
Probably, it runs on XP. It needs speed for all the graphics.  Processor and video card.  Runs fine on my hopped up old XP machine. The new edition  basically needs a high end gaming machine. Cool but not needed. MS generally runs somewhat old programs well, sometimes better. I am not an IT person.
I use a LOGITECH EXTREME PRO. It is a joystick that is around $30. Google it to see what it looks like. There are much better and more expensive yokes and joysticks out there, but if you are just starting out, this is a good one to use.
Unfortunately it doesn't, the shoulder buttons on the ps2 controller are very short.
yes it wil it has better response with a ps1 controller because the buttons aren't pressure sensitive with a ps2 controller i find you have to press a bit harded for response but if you get a ps1 controller it does work percectly it also works well with ps2 arcade sticks and wheels
No
no it wont because its for the old original xbox not the 360
Hello Jaime, The answer to your question is yes you can. In fact I use this as well on my Windows 8 Computer as well. I dont think that Logitech still has the drivers on there servers to download any longer (but again I am not shore they may) but I would plug it into my USB and my computer installs/downloads the drivers when it is connected. The other method that I have used was I would run windows updates and it will find the newer drivers for it. I hope this helped you out.
Yes
I've had no trouble using it in racing games. The joysticks are good for just about any game really. The holes are square so you might need to learn to control your thumbs a bit more but it's honestly nothing that will bug you for very long if at all.
Absolutely
"I am an Army helicopter pilot, and the answer is... sort of, but the way any joystick will help (upper air work is the same in helos as planes: power is altitude, pitch is airspeed, pedals trim). The feel of hovering and slow flight are not going to be replicated here. If you want to fly rotorcraft, repeat after me: pedals, pedals, pedals! I plan on buying this joystick myself, but because I like flying fixed wing too. I've tried flying helicopters on FSX with this control system at a friend's house, and interestingly enough, the throttle is the part that didn't work out for me- namely because it's backwards from the collective in a helicopter. I guess you could mount it on the left side of a wooden chair so you can pull it up/down, but otherwise it gave me a hard time because of the reversal of my muscle memory.



    I am an Army helicopter pilot, and the answer is... sort of, but the way any joystick will help (upper air work is the same in helos as planes: power is altitude, pitch is airspeed, pedals trim). The feel of hovering and slow flight are not going to be replicated here. If you want to fly rotorcraft, repeat after me: pedals, pedals, pedals! I plan on buying this joystick myself, but because I like flying fixed wing too. I've tried flying helicopters on FSX with this control system at a friend's house, and interestingly enough, the throttle is the part that didn't work out for me-...
      » 
Read More


   I am an Army helicopter pilot, and the answer is... sort of, but the way any joystick will help (upper air work is the same in helos as planes: power is altitude, pitch is airspeed, pedals trim). The feel of hovering and slow flight are not going to be replicated here. If you want to fly rotorcraft, repeat after me: pedals, pedals, pedals! I plan on buying this joystick myself, but because I like flying fixed wing too. I've tried flying helicopters on FSX with this control system at a friend's house, and interestingly enough, the throttle is the part that didn't work out for me- namely because it's backwards from the collective in a helicopter. I guess you could mount it on the left side of a wooden chair so you can pull it up/down, but otherwise it gave me a hard time because of the reversal of my muscle memory.
      « 

Show Less"
The joystick connects to the throttle module with a mini-DIN connector, and the throttle module in turn connects to your computer via USB.  The joystick cannot be used separately from the throttle module.
Yes a roller is on the back of the throttle that can be assigned as rudder control
Likely no. The joystick plugs in to the throttle with a PS/2 Connector, and the Throttle goes to the PC with USB. I haven't personally tried connecting the throttle to a PS/2 connector on my PC, but I don't imagine it'd work.Not sure why there's not a picture of the connectors on Amazon, but http://www.techwarelabs.com/reviews/peripherals/saitek_x52/images/Complete%20Contents%20saitek%20X52.jpg shows the connector types.
Both are 6 and 5/8 by 6 and 5/8.  If your space is really that exact measurement with no leeway, they won't quite fit.
That is what I bought it for. It works great for me. You can also setup the profile in ED the way you prefer. Takes a little adjusting and tweeking.  So when you first start in ED use the trainer to test and get all the buttons assigned the way you want. I did not like the canned ED setup for the X52. So I did a custom setup and tested in the trainer before using it in game.   Good luck
I do not believe so. After checking on the Saitek website for drivers, you seem to only be able to download drivers for Windows.
is the perfect flychoke for FSX and is programable
It comes with one controller but, you'll probably wanna buy another so it can charge while you play with the other.  Also being that the controllers charge doesn't last as long as a new one.
If you get the CECH 01A then yes. Anything after, no.
No what I meant was that it was broken due to how it was treated by the owner. It plays ps3, ps2, and ps1 games just fine. No it does not play copied games.
yes and I forgot the model number sorry
I got the system, and power cord and a sony controller.
yes
It includes; Galaga and Galaxian.
Per nintendo.com......Almost all existing Nintendo DS and Nintendo DSi games can be played on the Nintendo 3DS family of systems in 2D. With backwards compatibility, your existing portable games look and play just as well*.
yes that is what I have
I do not know mine was in English. If their was something different my grandson would have said something
Yes
We used it in a DSI and know nothing about the XL system. I would call game stop or Nintendo to get correct info, sorry I could not be of more help.
Yes! :)
No doubt because of the scare tactics. I wouldn't say it's scary, though it might be to someone who's younger than thirteen, really. Also, the backstory is a little morbid, when you go into looking through newspaper articles and whatnot in-game.
Mine came with one controller
It does not. It has limited access to the Internet in general.
Absolutely!
The ones we bought were bought used a few years ago and all cables required to play were included. The PS2 system is no longer made and good quality used units are harder to find now. Good luck!
Yes the gamecontrols is inclued
SCPH 90001 CB / 97706
It came with a PlayStation remotecontroller not with a DVD remote
if your asking about the wires to connect the console to the television, the answer is yes.
Sorry  but I haven't tried it yet
usually works fine on my Windows 7 system. It does fail sometimes due to DirectDraw error.
Not very well, go for the new HD release on Steam.
You can install the game on an unlimited number of computers and LAN with buddies without needing the disc in any of the computers!
I have windows 7 but not sure what kind of video card I have.  The game works fine for me.
sorry not that I know of
I will  not  try  yet, but that could  not be it, I think  so, you must  need it than both computers  have the same version  to could  play!
Yes Windows 7, but it is full screen, no window. F3 can pause the game, but you have to get the volume level right before you start because you can't adjust it during the game.
Yes it does.  You do not have to purchase a separate receiver.
No
This mouse DOES entirely work on OS X.  They sell a white lit version labeled as the OS X version but all Death Adder mice are the exact same no matter what color they are.  The only difference is you'll have to download the OSX driver from the website because there are only PC drivers on the disk.
black. It's probably the flash on cameras that make it look grey. It's the color of the mouse itself you need to watch out for. Or you'll end up with non matching glows.
my friend has a copperhead so i could compare them, i would say deathadder is much better, not because copperhead sucks but because deathadder rocks
No just component, red, green, blue, then white and another red for audio. NO HDMI
If its the correct connector on back of gamecube yes. But its not HD amazing quality but better quality than the cable it originally came with.
I looked up your television model you only have one slot for component cables just plug in the matching colors red to red white to white green to green blue to blue etc.  Cables work great.  Make sure to change wii settings to 480p under settings
Not sure about the wii u. I used it on my wii
No.
I'm not sure. My son ordered it, & he's not available to ask. Wish I could be of more help!
That is something that would most likely be in your TV's menu. Try finding the menu button on your TV remote, then find the picture setting. There should be an option to decrease brightness in there.
The Wii Mini only supports the regular composite cables (red, white, and yellow) unfortunately.
No it does not
You can play PS1 games on PS2 slim. It just has to be the correct region. For example PAL games will not work on NTSC systems. only NTSC games would work on NTSC SYSTEMS.
Yes ma'am. I had no problem playing any of my couple dozen PS1 games on this version of the PS2. However, you will need PS1 memory cards, not PS2 memory cards, to save your PS1 game.
Yes
I've had my first PS2 for about 8yrs. compaired to my son's PS3 which only lasted for 3yrs.
Yes it can.
Just AV jacks.
Yes
we got a physical copy and then it downloads some huge lame update that takes a phd in computer science to make work
Yes it does I have it on 8.1 and it runs just fine.
Yes this is the entry to the storyline of SC2. Wings of liberty is the first of 3, Heart of swarm will be the next one you'll want and coming out in a year I believe will be Legacy of the void very good games
Im sorry but I cannot answer that question.  This was purchased for my grandson.
Until you put in your code, it will be starter edition. Visit battle.net, log in with your account, and then redeem a code for Starcraft 2: Wings of Liberty. The code comes in the box, and you probably have to scratch it off or something similar, I can't remember.
"The game does require a broadband internet connection. Offline mode is available only in those circumstances where you temporaily lose a connection in which you may continue to play for that session only. Even then you have to login as a ""guest"" even though you own the game. Guest privileges only last 30 days before you have to login to a live internet connection to re-register the game. Otherwise, you are locked out of your own game. Kinda sucks doesn't it?"
It does have a story mode.
It's not a hacked copy and yes you will be able to play multi-player and solo campaigns.
You should be able to install it on as many computers as you want... there is no license limit on it like OS software.
No, but we were happy to find this game for the DSi.
Yes it does.
Yes it is.
Yea it actually does and this game is really good if your a animal person. You can build almost any exhibit for any animal you want. There's about a good 90 animals but I wish they would have included more in the game.
Yes.
Yes, you sure can it just won't be linked to the online store, or online friends
"Quite possibly the buyer wants to know if it says ""Go Social"" on the top of the box. If it does, it requires Origin and you cannot use Create-A-World's ""In-Game"" edit with it. Many Sims 3 creators are seeking the original DVD box before the ""Go Social"" version was released."
It appears that it will but I am running a MacMaybe you can search around on Google... Top result was:Windows 8.1 compatibility for The Sims 3 version 1http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/CompatCenter/ProductDetailsViewer?Type=Software&Name;=The+Sims+3&ModelO;rVersion=1&Vendor;=EA&Locale;=1033&LastSear;chTerm=&BreadcrumbPath;=The+Sims+3&TempOsi;d=Windows+8.1
Yes. If it doesn't, you can always use the Windows Backwards Compatibility feature.
Yes it will. I have windows 8.1 and the game runs fine.
Yes it is! This is the original Sims 3 game with no expansions. You then buy expansions for this game.
Yes
The size of a standard CD case
Yes it will!
No way Jose
No
This is not compatible with Guitar Hero on the wii. Only the xbox and playstation versions are cross compatible.
I know for a fact that drum set works with ac/dc live.  I'm not sure about the Beatles because they came out with a different drum set but the first drum set does work on Rock Band 2 so I don't see why it wouldn't work for the Beatles.  I see the drum sets aren't reverse compatible the other way.
No it's not. It has a long cable that plugs into the USB port of the Wii
I bought this quite a few years back, but I don't think so.
I am sorry I do not know the answer. But look at the other answers.
Yes, at least my implementation runs fine in windows 8 x64 (and 7 x64) LAN connection games seem more reliable in windows 8.
Yes it is. That's what I have on my laptop, and it runs perfectly fine.
Yes, you do need to have the disk inserted to play. That's really the only bad part about the game, in my opinion.
I have 7 and it runs ok. Don't know about 8
yes I love to play it too
yes, I had no trouble downloading onto mine Windows 8
No, my husband downloaded the cd, put an icon on the front screen and all I have to do is click on the icon. The game menu comes up and I can select the game I want to play. Really cool!!
Yes there is Hearts,but I don't see Canfield.
yes very well.
Nina, I hit the wrong key, so this may be a repeat. But, yes it does. Thank you for bringing it to my attention. I play Bridge and just love this Hoyle version. Cassie Maull
Yes, it does, and many, many other variations.
"Yes, ""Gin"" and also ""Rummy 500"" are listed in the contents. Have fun! This is an excellent program."
While this lists quite a number of card games, I see no sign that it has the capacity for tournament play.
Yes! Flawlessly.
It comes with programmable software installed on the joystick itself, so you can custom program each and every button to do whatever you want. So while it is geared towards flight control, I'm sure you can get it to do much more on other games.
It's perfectly semetrical in every aspect, it could be used with either hand.
Yes
I haven't had any trouble and no signs of it weakening on me at all its been overall the best one I have ever had
"I only played this stick with the game "" War Thunder"" I could find nothing this stick could not do.  It is pretty easy to program as well."
Works well with War Thunder, that's why I got it.
No
No
As far as I know, the LCD serves only to show computer functions, principally keyboard functions within games. It's not a mini-monitor to the outside world. I'll know the answer for sure when Logitech gets around to sending me a replacement keyboard for the defective one I bought.
Could you provide a link to this information?
This keyboard is not wireless capable. In the gaming community, wireless is unacceptable -- time lag, etc. This keyboard needs plugging into both USB2 and electricity. It even prefers a USB port on the computer itself, not on a hub. If you want a wireless, try the Logitech K350. It doesn't have the bells and whistles of a gaming board but is excellent in all other computer functions.
Hi, unfortunately the whole set of keys will have the same colour. I figured out why individual keys are lighted so dim, it is largely due to having too small see-thru sections for the lighting to come through.Still, it is a sturdy keyboard. I am pounding on it and it is working fine.As for Mice, the corded G600 is excellent for its price. Superb Value. My hand doesn't cramp grasping it for hours on end.
The macros are not fully compatible with every program,So i do not know. Also keep in mind that its a gaming keyboard so its made mainly for gamers. I dont think the macros display on the LED screen on the keyboard, but they do have a separate program that lets you see all your macros that you program. Honestly though, this keyboard isn't as fantastic as it sounds, the youtube app doesn't even let you browse for certain videos :/
"No it's not a mechanical keyboard. If you HAVE to have a mechanical keyboard get the razor black widow. I actually returned the black widow for the g19 because my G15 gave out after 3 years, I got it used too (R.I.P), and I wanted to give the newer model of the g15 a chance.. I've never regretted it since. The display is amazing, the keys feel excellent. This is a 10/10 keyboard in my eyes. The screen tells you all the details you want to know about gaming. For instance, I play league of legends. It tells me my gold per second, current crit%, kdr etc.. its amazing. I love the volume scroll. You can play youtube off it slide shows and so much more!! Hope this helps, good luck!



    No it's not a mechanical keyboard. If you HAVE to have a mechanical keyboard get the razor black widow. I actually returned the black widow for the g19 because my G15 gave out after 3 years, I got it used too (R.I.P), and I wanted to give the newer model of the g15 a chance.. I've never regretted it since. The display is amazing, the keys feel excellent. This is a 10/10 keyboard in my eyes. The screen tells you all the details you want to know about gaming. For instance, I play league of legends. It tells me my gold per second, current crit%, kdr etc.. its amazing. I love the volume scroll....
      » 
Read More


   No it's not a mechanical keyboard. If you HAVE to have a mechanical keyboard get the razor black widow. I actually returned the black widow for the g19 because my G15 gave out after 3 years, I got it used too (R.I.P), and I wanted to give the newer model of the g15 a chance.. I've never regretted it since. The display is amazing, the keys feel excellent. This is a 10/10 keyboard in my eyes. The screen tells you all the details you want to know about gaming. For instance, I play league of legends. It tells me my gold per second, current crit%, kdr etc.. its amazing. I love the volume scroll. You can play youtube off it slide shows and so much more!! Hope this helps, good luck!
      « 

Show Less"
I use this headset with Vent, Teamspeak, Mumble, RazorComms and others. Not sure if that answers your question. If not, please be more specific.
"Yes you can. But still have the option to use letter and numbers keys and sometimes it makes it easier. For example, when you want to give someone $250, you would have to click the up arrow 250 times unless you type in ""250"". This is the only time I really used the keyboard rather than the mouse."
I bought this off of here. I have windows 8.1, Fallout tactics won't work but Fallout 1 and 2 will.
As far as I know, you can't. However, you may be able to find it on line, just make sure to look for the Mac symbol.Hope this helps,Eric
"I installed it on windows 8 and it work.  The game was way more ""old school"" than I like so I didn't play it much."
Yes
Yes, I have found one, don't play that old crap, get Fallout 3 or New Vegas
Yes, but save your money get game from steam
The games overall are not censored. Although there is an option in the pause menu that allows you to turn off the gore/blood and guts when someone dies.
What's DCS?
It's a USB device that's used to control, and display information from, the in-game radio stack in Microsoft Flight Simulator (FS2004, FSX), or, through 3rd-party drivers available online, other flight simulator games such as X-Plane or Prepar3d.  You can dial in any two of the following channels for your aircraft and adjust their frequencies: COM1, COM2, NAV1, NAV2, ADF, DME, or the Transponder Code (although I've had difficulty getting the transponder to work).  Adjusting things on this panel while in-flight updates them on the in-game virtual radio stack and vice versa.  Hope this helps.
No mate, they are USB devices, I run 6 of these on my flightsim with no problem at all
It will 99 percent work in win 8 I have x plane and u had to download a plugin but it works great
Hi,   a couple of thoughts on this. I had the same thing happen when I went to a new PC. It was USB 3.0 and the Saiteks are 2.0. I solved this by plugging a USB 2.0 expansion port in. Problem gone. I have dual Saitek Yokes, Pedals, two radios and the BIP.Also, I have seen similar behavior with a Go Flight Autopilot. I finally used cleaner on the potentiometers. Caution, this will void any warranty you have left. Hope this helps
Don't know. I Don't have X-Plane.
yes hard bots to play its straight
No it did not.
Yes it's the USA version.. The game is amazing!!
yes
Honestly, no, not really.  If you're deadset on a handheld FPS for the Vita you can't go wrong with Killzone: Mercenaries, but this game is just terrible.  If you come into it looking for something akin to the console Black Ops experience you'll be extremely disappointed.
Yes
This particular model is NOT a wireless headset
Just did it to mine.  Yes.  Beautiful sound.
Yes it has one take your headset and go about half way down the cord and there is a little box it will have a red or green light on it if it's green the Mic is on and if the light is red it should be off its easy.
Yes they work on Mac.
12 foot cable length and 3.5 mm plug for line input. Here you go. Hope it helps
Yes, you can also hear the clicking of guns as they are being reloaded.
No! It does not fill the screen, and they make it as difficult Each time you want to play, that to go Thur it all , it's not worth it.From now on I will only buy pop cap games!
I'm running it on Windows 7 - But the jewel case DOES list Windows XP (and not Windows 7 - imagine that) - So I assume it will run on your XP machine just fine.
I did not have to enter a number when I loaded the disc (downloaded it in December).
Sorry, but I don't have windows 8.
Yes
yes.  My system is 64-bit windows 7 and it works very well.
No the card doesn't expire until you enter the code then it is like a normal membership after a year is up then you need a new one and they are stackable so you could buy it now and save it till the last day of your membership then add it and it would combine them
If I were to guess, it's because the card is the same pull-tab card I got and the codes are old, some too old to use.
You are correct you would have a 2 year subscription. You can pre-load a total of 3 years.
Online game code just gives you the code rather then shipping you the physical card, so if you want to play right now rather then wait 3 days or more then do that.
It's possible, but then again, I've entered a code before my membership ended and it still went through. Then it automatically renewed the next day. I wouldn't know for sure though. There's a very slim chance that the code you received is invalid and the only way to find out for sure is to call Xbox Live Support or go on the website.
You can have them share an account. Only thing is that you can't have them both signed in at the same time, so if they wanted to do 2 player online then it would be better to have 2 online accounts
I do not believe that Uruguay is a supported country. You could have an account in a supported region however and use the code. Hope that helps!
Yes. It should
this is a universal membership and it will work with anything on the xbox live server
Yes
Yes sir..... If You have a track ir the experience Will be much better.
You can play offline all the time
look on sim web site
There aré 3 options arcade , realistic And simulation
It works with Vista, but its a Disc not a down load
Yup.....
Yes is does work very well on Windows 7. It is a frustrating game to get past the third mission. I've been on it for months with now success. Many are so frustrated they created a blog to solve it.
Yes it works okay if the screen is smaller they look kind of squashed if it's a 15 inch screen but you can install it and it will work. I've been using it.
It goes to a few countries at a time on Windows 7.  Once you complete these, more pops up.
I don't know what the JC means--but yes, you can play it on your windows 7--that is what I have.
Yes, it does. My husband's computer is has Windows 8.
yes
Yes you can use a wii gun or the classic controller
Yes.. It does
Older Wii?There Is Wii And New WiiU.(You Can Play Your Wii Titles On The New WiiU)We Have Just The Regular Wii So Yes It Will Work For You.
Nintendo discontinued any live gaming for the wii shortly after the wii u came out.they do have playback but I am not quite sure if it can be played live on the wii u.but it yes it has offline play mode
Yes it does have a regular offline mode to enjoy,playing against automated enemies
Nope, it only comes with a blue LED.
The mirror assumes you have bionic hands thatcan generate a hundred newtons of force. The normal abyssus is a delicate flower made for humans.
Yes, it does
yes
yes :)that's the magic of it, Two Identical Buttons (left and right click) and the scroll wheel. perfect for switching for lefties
It makes a click but its not very loud. In fact i really didn't even notice it until i saw this question.
Amazon does all my shipping, so I believe they do.
I found this version to be exactly identicle to theoriginal abyssus except the buttons are MUCH stiffer- painfully so. But the grip is the same as far as I can tell. Personally I prefer the original
The mouse comes with software controlled acceleration via a razer client, and a couple hardwired sensitivity settings on the base. You can disable the software accel, I dont know offhand what the default is but the client is easy to use.
Yes it can work on the Xbox one, in order for it to work you have to buy the and xbox one adapter for the headset
Yes, just  pair with your iPhone by Bluetooth and you're done
Mine did work with the PC with no problems.
No not worth it.
Need to turn Bluetooth off then on in pairing mode and go to audio settings to voice settings and connect there
Yes you can, if the tv have bluetooth, everything with bluetooth you could
Yes, the PX5 is compatible for surround-sound game audio out-of-the-box, but will require a PS4 Chat Cable or PS4 Talkback Cable for chat compatibility.Compatibility and setup information for all our products can be found here: http://www.turtlebeach.com/connect
I haven't experienced that but like you said if there is no audio they do turn off  sorry I couldn't answer your question
Your TV will need Dolby Digital Live output and an Optical output.
Yes, a tower/headset holder.
Goes up to 7 players
Es lo que dice en la caja
Black cat is not in this game from what I remember
This game, like most spider-man games, is a single player game. The only Spider-man game I can think of that is 2 player is called Spider-man: Friend or Foe, but that game is for younger kids than this one...hope that helps. This game by the way...is really good...my kids love it.
Some mild language, suggestive themes, and (as with most superhero games) violence. If you need help in understanding game ratings, visit ESRB.org.
No she isn't. I don't think she is even mentioned.
STEAM is actually QUITE GOOD and better then having just  discs..auto updates,  configuration, reviews, support, forums, and SECURE!
Yes it does
"Hi Ken. This game and steam both have big learning curves. Even if you know what you are doing, plan on a full day of prep before you want to play. In theory you could install and play in the same day, but I find my enjoyment is much greater if I wake up and can go play without having to deal with steam and sega. Plus these games are just ok anyways. I recommend TW Medieval Kingdoms--you dont need steam and it has the best mod of any TW game: Third Age. In my opinion that mod is the peak of the Total War gaming experience. I think this once great franchise was ruined by greed and the need of some people to control others. Cheers.



    Hi Ken. This game and steam both have big learning curves. Even if you know what you are doing, plan on a full day of prep before you want to play. In theory you could install and play in the same day, but I find my enjoyment is much greater if I wake up and can go play without having to deal with steam and sega. Plus these games are just ok anyways. I recommend TW Medieval Kingdoms--you dont need steam and it has the best mod of any TW game: Third Age. In my opinion that mod is the peak of the Total War gaming experience. I think this once great franchise was ruined by greed and the need...
      » 
Read More


   Hi Ken. This game and steam both have big learning curves. Even if you know what you are doing, plan on a full day of prep before you want to play. In theory you could install and play in the same day, but I find my enjoyment is much greater if I wake up and can go play without having to deal with steam and sega. Plus these games are just ok anyways. I recommend TW Medieval Kingdoms--you dont need steam and it has the best mod of any TW game: Third Age. In my opinion that mod is the peak of the Total War gaming experience. I think this once great franchise was ruined by greed and the need of some people to control others. Cheers.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it will. I have a 2010 model laptop with Windows 7, and the game runs just fine in the US. Actually, it works better than the original individual games (I got this one for the expansion features).
Yes it will run on mavericks (10.9.5).  Your mac already has a video card built into the hardware, no need to upgrade it for RCT 3.
I have updated my system straight through from 10.6 to 10.9, and it has never not worked. It should be fine.
It should run on maverick, the lowest os it'll run on is 10.5 leopard.
Audio jack but you can buy an external sound card that makes it USB if that's what your worried about.
Nope, 3.5mm although I'm sure you can find a converter.
I don't have an exact measurement for you but its long enough for me to be able to walk and get something in my room without taking my headset off. To be fair though, i have a small-ish room
Don't buy it. Mine fell apart.
Yep but you can't play with the play & charge kit on the Pc it is just for Xbox
the cable directly connects straight into the xbox controller. if you have a charging battery pack it will charge the battery otherwise it will power the controller without the need for batteries.
Yes I believe that should be okay as long as its syncd to whatever it is your using
Yes, then it is just a corded controller.
Yes it comes with a battery.. However the battery does not operate without it being plugged in. It's an aftermarket battery.
Yes
no it dont charge things just makes them turn on when the cord is hooked up
Yes
Yes you have to be online
Unfortunately I don't know. I did not download the game, I bought the disc. I don't think it uses steam though but I cant say that with certainty.
Its the 2013 version
There is no actually mute button on the device. The only way I can think of muting your mic is through the game you are running.
Yes. This amp will even work with non-Astro headphones.
No other cords needed.
Yes
Yes
No
Yes
I got the newer one with my order so 2013
Yes it is, but you have to buy the xbox adapter for the xbox one controller.
Yes
Yep. It works with everything!
On top of your eae
Works with ps3 ps4 pc xbox 360 and xbox one. Check the website for more information :)
yes and no the complete unit reaches over 10-12 feet but the control until goes 1/2 way but you can easily extend the usb that needs to connect to the console
As far as I know it should. Check the astro website though.
Yes it is, but it will need to be plugged into both a USB port and your headphone and microphone jacks.
"no, i don´t recommend, piece of junk; go ahead and buy ""the last of us""... Amazing Game!"
No, it doesn't. Only if you want the online features like the PvP and co-op you will need a internet connection.
I don't think so
The game only has English audio and subtitles (or Japanese if you purchase the Japanese version. There is a multilingual (Spanish) Prepare to Die version of Dark Souls for PC though, if you don't mind buying the game for and playing on a PC. This PS3 version, however, is limited to only English audio and subtitles.
It even comes in the wrapping. I got mine brand new. No problems! It came with everything. No scratches or anything. I recommend it. Its cheaper here than gamestop
"To my knowledge, Sony does not region-lock games. I bought this from Canada and live in the States. Here is Wikipedia's answer: ""All PlayStation 3 games except for one are region free.[4][5] Even though publishers could choose to region-lock specific games based on a mechanism that allows for the game to query the model of the PS3, none did so during the first six years after the launch of PS3.[6] The first game to be region-locked on PS3 is Persona 4 Arena...""So you should be fine. Enjoy!"
It's in British English for all versions. I think you can get the Spanish localization which will have Spanish subtitles. I am not positive though, sorry.
Yes.  I can use it with my PS4.  Not my XBOX1 though.
yes, you will need 2 outlets. 1 for the G155 and 1 for your gaming system
yeah xbox 360 is compatible with this !
it depends on the seller if he or she has everything. i brought a really used up one but it works great and it came with everthing except hd cables.
Yes ur doors that is what my kids use. And best gift ever two years and still in great working condition
Yes, it does.
Its pretty much a portable tv in a case.  You can hook up an x box 360
no not if you dont need to
NO
No
Sorry but I use the mouse as the game is real simple and aircraft respond well to the mouse.
Yes it will i have windows 7 on both my alienware laptops and it works on both
It is single player but if you posses xbox live you can play with friends
Just one.  :(
You don't need Xbox Live.
No
Yes I believe so.
No
In my experience, I say yes, it is. No way its not.After around ten years of need for speed gaming, I'm into it now. Have you ever tried any NFS games? Because I think you might want to reconsider on this one. I've tried it before and the steering response is a little late and challenging. I'm just saying. However, the other ones Like Underground 1 % 2, Most Wanted (2005), Carbon, Undercover, Hot Pursuit (2010), World (Online), Rivals (2013) are better than this one. Give any of them a go. You'll like it.
if you haven a xbox360 it bon.t mack a difrent  toy just tell your seting to wher you are at
I picked up the story after a few minutes. They pretty much flash back the entirety of the first two games. The story however isn't really that relevant to the game play.
If you take the game seriously and don't run through it like an idiot then it should last you about 7 1/2 hours, by that i mean, using cover, scanning around, using some stealth, thats how much time i got
Yes, for most of the game play it does.
SADLY NO, perhaps but its only when you killed online like in battlefield
Very little....you can handle it.
Yes, the hunter edition looks and plays better than what you see.
No code need since ea stopped that policy' I thought you meant predator edition extra code. No you don't need it because ea stopped that policy so that means any ea game is playable without a code.
Not the regular game.  I am not sure if the XBox live version is.  I do not have XBox live.
Yes it does just that the lobbies are pretty empty now. Not a lot of people play the multiplayer anymore but you can get lucky to meet a few players there. You can also arrange games with your friends who have the game too. Hope it helps.
Hi David, yes, it works well on a Mac in X-Plane. And if you intend to purchase the saitek pro flight switch panel that too will work, but you will have to download a plugin Sandy Barbour's xpluginsdk.org
"I don't know about a ""detent""; they self center, and that big dial in the center is the spring tension adjustment."
No. This is made up of very sturdy plastic. The construction is solid and I believe it will last a very long time. The metallic part that you see is thin cover over the top center part of the rudder used as a cosmetic enhancement.
...not that I know, I got the cheapest from a trusted seller and no problem so far. I've bought only one therefore I can't really compare. Mine work just fine.
I fly a Cessna 172 and the Pro Cessna Pedals replicate the actual pedals in the plane. As far as functionality I doubt if there is any difference but I can't say for sure. The Pro Flight Pedals look to have more adjustments.
They will work with XPlane 10 (PC/Mac) the only real difference is the pedals in this model are fashioned and licensed by Cessna. If you're never going to fly a real Cessna (150/172/182) then there's no reason to go for these if the others are cheaper, the licensing is what brings up the price. They are essentially the same thing. I bought them to have the same 'feel' as when I went flying. but other than that there's no real reason not to go with the other Saitek brand pedals (if it's the ones I am thinking of).
I have played it on Win 7, and on Win 8.1, so I'm sure it will work for you.  Have fun.
It should. I think it's not said to be able to work on Windows 7, but it does.
yes
I have Windows 7 Pro. So should be O.K.
I will pull the game and check it in the morning.  Thank you Million Sold
"I have a Hewlett Packard and do not know if it is compatible with ""macs.""  I would assume so but I am no expert.Sorry but I just don't know."
I run this on Windows 7, cannot tell you about if it will run on Windows8
Try right clicking on the shortcut or executable, go to compatibility mode and run it as Windows 7 or one of the earlier versions of Windows.
Sorry, I can't help you on this.  I have it loaded on a desktop and it works fine.
poker, blackjack, roulette and slot machines
Yes, the ps3 does not have a region lock like the ps2
"It has a kind of bracketed 'story' mode which lets you choose which mission you want to do next based on difficulty and what suits you will face and unlock bonus missions based on which end boss you fight or the scores on the missions, and a 2 player mode of the same thing but with well, 2 of you instead of a computer ally, and I think there is a vs mode for you and your friends, I havnt tried that one yet, but the menu is easy to navigate even if you dont read japanese and the gameplay is kind lf addicting but somewhat repetitive, but I reccomend buying it if your a fan of gundam you will love it.



    It has a kind of bracketed 'story' mode which lets you choose which mission you want to do next based on difficulty and what suits you will face and unlock bonus missions based on which end boss you fight or the scores on the missions, and a 2 player mode of the same thing but with well, 2 of you instead of a computer ally, and I think there is a vs mode for you and your friends, I havnt tried that one yet, but the menu is easy to navigate even if you dont read japanese and the gameplay is kind lf addicting but somewhat repetitive, but I reccomend buying it if your a fan of gundam you will...
      » 
Read More


   It has a kind of bracketed 'story' mode which lets you choose which mission you want to do next based on difficulty and what suits you will face and unlock bonus missions based on which end boss you fight or the scores on the missions, and a 2 player mode of the same thing but with well, 2 of you instead of a computer ally, and I think there is a vs mode for you and your friends, I havnt tried that one yet, but the menu is easy to navigate even if you dont read japanese and the gameplay is kind lf addicting but somewhat repetitive, but I reccomend buying it if your a fan of gundam you will love it.
      « 

Show Less"
No.  It's in Japanese language.
NO it is not compatible.  PS4 dropped the ball on Bluetooth.  Where with ps3 you could basically use any bluetooth Mic/headset.  I learned this the hard way after purchasing this.  Only good with PS3
Not sure if it is compatible with cellphones,  but the overall quality is not that good... but you get what you pay for
4-5 hrs of game play
Just the chat.
Not sure, sorry.
Do not buy this game-only if you like games from 1994.
Everything really. The graphics stink. The controls are terrible. And you spend more time shooting people than aliens. I think I paid $10 for it. And I still feel ripped off. I'm a huge Aliens fan. But as a first person shooter it just fails.
This game is TRASH do not waste your money!
yes it does i seen someone demoing it on youtube some time ago
Yes. It works really good with the slim. It also bulks it up so you can grab it and hold onto it better.
Probably not because this case doesnt not leave any space
the trigger grips are really worth it. Like all products, there will be wear and tear but it depends on how much and how vigorously you use them. Honestly I used them so much, that I can't play without them. Get them bro.
Of course and you can easily remove or insert your PS vita from the case AT THE SAME TIME as your charging and have earphones plugged in. This case gives you access to all ports except the Sim card port on the 3g model.
I don't use my Vita a ton but I found the grip very nice for racing games. There is play in the triggers so it's not great for a FPS but I loved it for NFS.
No it doesnt. I also would recommend abother product like the Nyko grips
No, you can still use the rear touch pad
no, it does not. The controller will work with the new PS4 Eye, but the Playstation Eye included in this pack is only designed for the PS3.
All parts separately and they are all original
"No, it does not but Playstation does sell a mounting clip that is sold through Amazon. Here is some information regarding the mounting clip that I found...The officially Sony licensed PS3 Eye Camera Mounting Clip conveniently mounts the PlayStation Eye camera on flat panel televisions. The clip holds the EYE camera in perfect position for Move gameplay and features a wide range of adjustable settings for various flat-panel HDTV shapes. The Mounting Clip is easy to use straight out of the box with no need to use any adhesive.PlayStation Move and PlayStation Eye Camera each sold separately. The current price is $28.99



    No, it does not but Playstation does sell a mounting clip that is sold through Amazon. Here is some information regarding the mounting clip that I found...The officially Sony licensed PS3 Eye Camera Mounting Clip conveniently mounts the PlayStation Eye camera on flat panel televisions. The clip holds the EYE camera in perfect position for Move gameplay and features a wide range of adjustable settings for various flat-panel HDTV shapes. The Mounting Clip is easy to use straight out of the box with no need to use any adhesive.PlayStation Move and PlayStation Eye Camera each sold...
      » 
Read More


   No, it does not but Playstation does sell a mounting clip that is sold through Amazon. Here is some information regarding the mounting clip that I found...The officially Sony licensed PS3 Eye Camera Mounting Clip conveniently mounts the PlayStation Eye camera on flat panel televisions. The clip holds the EYE camera in perfect position for Move gameplay and features a wide range of adjustable settings for various flat-panel HDTV shapes. The Mounting Clip is easy to use straight out of the box with no need to use any adhesive.PlayStation Move and PlayStation Eye Camera each sold separately. The current price is $28.99
      « 

Show Less"
I've never used the Navigation Controller.  Never had to.  All the games and functions are accessible using the Move or the regular 6-way controllers.
A lot of the games you won't be able to play without it.
No just one.
Sorry, I gave it as a gift, I dont know
"You are in luck!When you open the game, you actually have two options for languet. You can either choose dubbed english version, or original Japaneese voices. If you choose the english dubbed version, most of the game will have subtitles, but there will be cut-scenes with no subtitles at all. How-ever, if you choose the original japaneese dub, Every-thing will have subtitles including animated cut-scenes! So when you are on the main-menu of the game, go to ""Settings."" choose ""Languetes."" and then choose original Japaneese voices, the entire game will have english subtitles ^^



    You are in luck!When you open the game, you actually have two options for languet. You can either choose dubbed english version, or original Japaneese voices. If you choose the english dubbed version, most of the game will have subtitles, but there will be cut-scenes with no subtitles at all. How-ever, if you choose the original japaneese dub, Every-thing will have subtitles including animated cut-scenes! So when you are on the main-menu of the game, go to ""Settings."" choose ""Languetes."" and then choose original Japaneese...
      » 
Read More


   You are in luck!When you open the game, you actually have two options for languet. You can either choose dubbed english version, or original Japaneese voices. If you choose the english dubbed version, most of the game will have subtitles, but there will be cut-scenes with no subtitles at all. How-ever, if you choose the original japaneese dub, Every-thing will have subtitles including animated cut-scenes! So when you are on the main-menu of the game, go to ""Settings."" choose ""Languetes."" and then choose original Japaneese voices, the entire game will have english subtitles ^^
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, it does.
You can select the language in which the text will display and spanish is an option. The game audio can be chosen as well english or Japanese.
No
I don't think so.
Yes it can.  Japanese voice English dubbed is a option.
After installation it totals at 3,847 MB or 3.8 GB. I don't believe there is any updates for it though.
I received it in a box
You dont need an internet connection for this game. It comes with everything already on the disk, including all of the downloadable content.
Unfortunately it does not. This version is English only audio and subtitles.
Yes this game does have a diffulty option before you start.
Probably the game is used and that´s why you don´t have it. But if the game is new.... it should have come inside the box. You gotta have a piece of paper with a code on it. If not... contact the seller.
Easy, all the dlc content is on the disc.  All u need is Internet access and a psn id and your good to go ☺
No only for download content :-)
Yes
Yes
Maybe, but I would rather sell my old keyboard then buy cherry brown keyboard
The backlight is red.
It is i would say. I got the red as well but you only hear a thump, while this has a mechanical metal like click. I wish I could compare it to my IBM m though side by side. Other than going unicomp, mx blue seem like the only alternative
I use this keyboard with Windows 8, and it works fine, software and all.
Sorry to disappoint, the LEDs aren't Blue - however, one of their other products, the CM Storm QuickFire TK, has a blue LED/keyswitch combo, as shown in the description. I hope I helped you. I haven't used that keyboard, but by the quality of the Trigger, I think the Quickfire TK shouldn't disappoint. Apologies if I sound like a salesman! :P
Hard copy and code for play online
I do not know I only played for the story mode, I was not interested in the online voucher.
These are used games so the pass has been used, mine has been used too I was disappointed but the price for the game is okay
Just online
English
The game audio is in English. There is an option to change the game text to Spanish, but I don't think it affects the audio. I would imagine if you turned on the Spanish text and enabled subtitles, you would be ok.
Yes for both, but the cord may not be long enough to hook up to the tower on your PC, depending on where you place your tower.
Any key even commands(crtl+s). But yeah any key!
"I don't think so, sadly. I mean, you can map custom keys to the 1-12 buttons, but you can't make macros with the mouse. If you wanted, you could, say, have the ""="" key on your keyboard press 1, 2, and 3 on the keyboard (You'd have to configure the macro in-game, if GW2 doesn't have macros, then you'll need a keyboard with programmable keys or a 3rd party program or something), then in Razer Synapse, you could make button 1-12 act as the ""-"" key, I believe."
I didn't installed the naga specific drivers, but the plug'n'play one works fine, and simulates a number pressing on the side buttons.
I will have to check with my son. He is the one that use that mouse. Or you can e-mail him cedricsalvador23@yahoo.com
Well the mouse itself doesn't make any noise, of course it does while moving it. But compared to my other mouses before, I'd say it's quiet, yes.
From what I can see they moved the extra 2 buttons from left of the left mouse to below the mousewheel. Only has green LEDs and you are forced to use the new Synapse drivers/app. I'm thinking of picking one of these up with discounts for $40 and then reselling to get an original or Molten for stand alone drivers.
"Logitech doesn't make a comparable gaming mouse. I have owned a lot of Razer products and have had little issues with any of my products. Sounds like you may had a issue with the connection due to simply put usage. I had one my old original Razer nagas had same issue which was from chair running over cord. Same issue happened for a logitec that I had. If your a extreme gamer like myself you might consider Razer epic. It is a cordless gaming mouse that can also plug in. Razer is only gaming company that has not just a full line up of gaming stuff but also special software to enhance the gaming expierence.



    Logitech doesn't make a comparable gaming mouse. I have owned a lot of Razer products and have had little issues with any of my products. Sounds like you may had a issue with the connection due to simply put usage. I had one my old original Razer nagas had same issue which was from chair running over cord. Same issue happened for a logitec that I had. If your a extreme gamer like myself you might consider Razer epic. It is a cordless gaming mouse that can also plug in. Razer is only gaming company that has not just a full line up of gaming stuff but also special software to enhance the...
      » 
Read More


   Logitech doesn't make a comparable gaming mouse. I have owned a lot of Razer products and have had little issues with any of my products. Sounds like you may had a issue with the connection due to simply put usage. I had one my old original Razer nagas had same issue which was from chair running over cord. Same issue happened for a logitec that I had. If your a extreme gamer like myself you might consider Razer epic. It is a cordless gaming mouse that can also plug in. Razer is only gaming company that has not just a full line up of gaming stuff but also special software to enhance the gaming expierence.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it does fit ds I xl
No
No. It's too narrow for the XL and will not go on it.
No, it doesn't fit the original DS. It does fit a DS lite though....hope that helps you out.
I don't know and I would hate to tell it could.
It looks like it will because from looking at mine, the case snaps together and the DS just lays in it.
"Not sure what you mean by ""regular"". I bought my grandson an Nintendo 3ds for Christmas and this cover fit just fine."
Sorry, but I don't really know.
This is an H game
English sub Japanese dubbed
Yes it does.
yes it is...just insert disc and install as per any game
Sorry I bought this game as a gift for my brother. I asked him about it but he was not very  good at explaining what it's about. He did say he liked it very much and that it works on Windows 8.
Yes it is.
no it does not
It will no longer be a subscription based game as of March 17, 2015. It will be buy-to-play with a cash shop for cosmetic and convenience items, as well as expansions, with an optional subscription.
There is PvE, but it does not feel like a TES game, more like a generic MMO where you can only wander so far before being killed by enemies of a higher level. The PVP is what will keep players subscribing though. If you're expecting to explore a large world like you do in the single player Elder Scrolls games, you will be pretty disappointed.
Nope, if you are looking for an offline Elder Scrolls experience grab Skyrim, which is about $20 on Amazon.  Great game!
I think it's just that retailers get more leeway on what to charge for boxes, whereas the digital download price is set by the manufacturer.You'll see the same thing all the time with books. The hard copy will come out for like $20 with a $15 digital download and then a few months later you can get the hard copy for $12 and the digital download is still $15. Amazon could cut the price of the book but not the digital version.
This is an MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online). You will be in the world with other real people. Sometimes, it can be a good thing or a bad thing. Most of the mechanics are the same as Skyrim. In ESO, you can do PvP (Player vs. Player), where you fight against real people and not just NPCs (or AI). You cannot do PvP in Skyrim. And, for ESO, you have to pay a subscription fee of $15/month on top of the MSRP $60 for the game to purchase. ESO is an MMO meaning it can potentially go forever, whereas Skyrim had an end!
yes
It's a number of discs for installation. But I'm not sure, at least for pc, if they're selling them with the new free to play. Haven't seen it at Wal-Mart in a month. But if they do it gives an activation code so you can play the game
This is the boxed version.
No it doesn't run through steam
It recharges like any other PS3 Controller
nope not even close and not recommended for any sort of shooter
No is just a controller is been almost a year and still works great
Yes but it isn't great and there is no indication when it is on. I wouldn't buy it for the rapid fire option.
Hello Luke. Simply go on the internet and type in ALAN WAKE AMERICAN NIGHTMARE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS and the information will be provided.You can do this for any game you need requirements for.Good luck.Dennis
"Yes they do, and perfectly I must say! Just plug in the usb dongle into ps4 usb port and turn headphones on and your done, no setting it all up, microphone also picks up really good so people have no problem hearing you talking. There is also an app for ps4 called headset companion app and in that you can choose different sound modes and update the headset as needed. Even if these are more get these over the new PlayStation headphones the new ones are horrible, no bass! And with these elites you can actually plug anything with a headphone jack into the dongle and it will send the audio wirelessly to the headphones, I use them with my cell phone, tv, Xbox one and ps4 wirelessly. And you can also use them like a regular set of headphones with the cable if you need them but forgot to charge them.



    Yes they do, and perfectly I must say! Just plug in the usb dongle into ps4 usb port and turn headphones on and your done, no setting it all up, microphone also picks up really good so people have no problem hearing you talking. There is also an app for ps4 called headset companion app and in that you can choose different sound modes and update the headset as needed. Even if these are more get these over the new PlayStation headphones the new ones are horrible, no bass! And with these elites you can actually plug anything with a headphone jack into the dongle and it will send the audio...
      » 
Read More


   Yes they do, and perfectly I must say! Just plug in the usb dongle into ps4 usb port and turn headphones on and your done, no setting it all up, microphone also picks up really good so people have no problem hearing you talking. There is also an app for ps4 called headset companion app and in that you can choose different sound modes and update the headset as needed. Even if these are more get these over the new PlayStation headphones the new ones are horrible, no bass! And with these elites you can actually plug anything with a headphone jack into the dongle and it will send the audio wirelessly to the headphones, I use them with my cell phone, tv, Xbox one and ps4 wirelessly. And you can also use them like a regular set of headphones with the cable if you need them but forgot to charge them.
      « 

Show Less"
If battery dies, you have two choices1- audio+mic through wire (included) as a basic headset (sound and mic, no other fancy features).  Plug is standard 3.5mm, so not limited to what sony provides.2- plug mini-usb charging cable (not included, but is standard cable just like one for charging PS3 controller) in and continue to charge while using it.  other thoughts:A cheap battery pack in pocket plugged to this and it'll go all day!
These are the higher-end Pulse Elite.
headphones work  fabulous on ps4
Yeah it does. And yes, they're pretty comfortable, the sound is amazing. Best choice for sure.
They arent true 7.1... It states virtual 7.1 stereo sound.
If it's honesty you want then there's only one choice The Pulse Elite i have two sets now my Daughter and myself best headset I owned todate, so good my Daughter had me get a set for her.   Too many options to list what can be done with them but you will be very pleased.  One set is over a year old the other close to a year now..Have not had ANY PROBLEMS AT ALL... And we both game alot WOW, Neverwinter,Diablo3  also Sniper and star craft all work great no flaws at all.   So there it is now it's up to you?  and those are only a few games I've tried with them good luck..
"To be honest, I haven't used the gold headset and i havent been able to test the unobstructed range seeing as how I live in a small house. I do know for a fact that the gold has a better range and battery life seeing as how it's newer. BUUUT in MY opinion, the pulse elites are better because you can make anything with an aux out port wireless. They feel amazing. I had them charging and did a 24 hour game session and i had absolutely no discomfort (as far as the headset goes that is. They will reach through your average wall. I was listening to music from my ps3 in my bathroom that is about 15-20 feet away with to walls. Now I can't say for sure if you will get that kind of reach through the walls at your house or not but that isn't a really big deal. All around I would pick these over the gold anytime. Now don't get me wrong, they're both AMAZING headsets!!



    To be honest, I haven't used the gold headset and i havent been able to test the unobstructed range seeing as how I live in a small house. I do know for a fact that the gold has a better range and battery life seeing as how it's newer. BUUUT in MY opinion, the pulse elites are better because you can make anything with an aux out port wireless. They feel amazing. I had them charging and did a 24 hour game session and i had absolutely no discomfort (as far as the headset goes that is. They will reach through your average wall. I was listening to music from my ps3 in my bathroom that is about...
      » 
Read More


   To be honest, I haven't used the gold headset and i havent been able to test the unobstructed range seeing as how I live in a small house. I do know for a fact that the gold has a better range and battery life seeing as how it's newer. BUUUT in MY opinion, the pulse elites are better because you can make anything with an aux out port wireless. They feel amazing. I had them charging and did a 24 hour game session and i had absolutely no discomfort (as far as the headset goes that is. They will reach through your average wall. I was listening to music from my ps3 in my bathroom that is about 15-20 feet away with to walls. Now I can't say for sure if you will get that kind of reach through the walls at your house or not but that isn't a really big deal. All around I would pick these over the gold anytime. Now don't get me wrong, they're both AMAZING headsets!!
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, you can. It has sidetone.  You have to hold the mute button down for two seconds to switch between low and high sidetone.  The sidetone on high sounds very low though.
It has 2x3.5mm conncectors. But comes with an external soundcard that has those connectors and has usb to connect to the computer.
I own both headsets and they both use the same technology for the Microphone. I use it to record audio and if I had to choose between the two I would pick the 360 by very close margin. hope this helps. But honestly, you cant go wrong with either headset.
They are considered open ear headphones -- cloth ear cuffs.
Sturdy and comfortable, you can wear them for hours and they never get uncomfortable. But certainly sturdy and durable.
"I think they feel like you would expect them to. it's not hollow plastic, so it feels denser, but it is very plasticky. People around you cannot hear what you are listening to. They are ""open"" in the sense that they aren't noise cancelling as much as one with leather or faux leather are, but they don't allow the speakers to be heard much even if the headset is around your neck."
Nope it's worked fine
"It should work with every xbox 360. I have the newer version. (the slim black with built in wifi) I'm not entirely sure which model is the ""pro"". The adapter to plug in to the console is the standard component port."
The one I bought hasn't done that to me yet. It seems like a pretty quality product.
Yes you can. There is no problem to use this game on an American ps3.
No this not a multiplayer game
No it is not.
I'm not sure where to find if it is or is not.I looked over case, instructions and disc.If you can help me with that, I would be glad to help you.
Yes, it works with PC. The chat volume wheel controls the sound from the computer. All you have to do is plug in the headset, the drivers automatically install. Just make sure that the headset is set to be your default device in the sound settings.
The other wires are for sound to go throw had phones, they work fine on my comp with out them but you need to plug them in while on ps from what I could tell
It can hook up to both. the USB is for the mic and hearing other people's mics, and the audio/video is so you can hear the game through the headset.
Yes it will, it will work with all consoles and computers cause it uses a USB port for power.
Just measured it and it's a bit over 12 feet so you're good to go.
usb port in front or on back of ps3
Yes, thes bass feels great. You can also adjust the bass settings on your PC to your liking.you can't adjust the base from the headphones, so you will to do it through your PC. I hope this helps
if you still have the original ps3 tv plug in wich is red white and yellow your supposed to connect those together.  These cables are only to control the volume of the headset. So you should be good without them.
You can hear the game when playing on-line and when playing alone off-line
it sounds tiny because it is 150 ohms so it needs an amp to push it but the pc 360 are 50 ohm and dont need an amp ... jus look for a headset with 50 or less ohms and u wont need an amp
"The PC350 is CLOSED back meaning they offer pretty good noise cancellation but the sound is isolated within the earcup.  The PC360 is OPEN back meaning they leak sound but have a MUCH better soundstage (the perception you gain of where the sound is coming from) than a closed back headset.  I have both (PC 350 and PC 360) and the PC 360 wins, hands down.  I cannot describe to you the difference between open back and closed back.  You just have to experience it for yourself.  At first, I thought I wanted a closed back headset (PC 350).  Now, having experienced the soundstage presented by an open back headset (PC 360), I am convinced that an open back design is the best.



    The PC350 is CLOSED back meaning they offer pretty good noise cancellation but the sound is isolated within the earcup. The PC360 is OPEN back meaning they leak sound but have a MUCH better soundstage (the perception you gain of where the sound is coming from) than a closed back headset. I have both (PC 350 and PC 360) and the PC 360 wins, hands down. I cannot describe to you the difference between open back and closed back. You just have to experience it for yourself. At first, I thought I wanted a closed back headset (PC 350). Now, having experienced the soundstage presented by an open...
      » 
Read More


   The PC350 is CLOSED back meaning they offer pretty good noise cancellation but the sound is isolated within the earcup.  The PC360 is OPEN back meaning they leak sound but have a MUCH better soundstage (the perception you gain of where the sound is coming from) than a closed back headset.  I have both (PC 350 and PC 360) and the PC 360 wins, hands down.  I cannot describe to you the difference between open back and closed back.  You just have to experience it for yourself.  At first, I thought I wanted a closed back headset (PC 350).  Now, having experienced the soundstage presented by an open back headset (PC 360), I am convinced that an open back design is the best.
      « 

Show Less"
This is what I bought with the Sennheiser PC 350 headset, they work perfectly together.  Turtle Beach Audio Advantage Amigo II USB Sound Card & Headset Adapter
"Obvious question:Is it in the upright position (microphone piece)? you must extend it outward to unmute it.Windows 7:Not so obvious:Goto system tray: Right click ""Sound"" (Speaker Icon)Click 'Sounds' in the context menu that pops up.In the Sound Dialog Box, look for 'Recording'.Speak into your microphone, and observe whether or not green bars are displayed to the right of the active/default device (notated by a green check mark).If a device that is not notated by a green check mark lights up, right click that device and make it the default microphone. Problem Solved.If the device that is notated by a green check mark lights up, right click that device and select Properties.Proceed to 'Levels' tab at the top of the new Microphone properties dialog box. Locate 'Microphone' and adjust the slider beneath it to the maximum volume level.Add some 'Microphone Boost' as well. Go half way on the slider for experimental reasons.Click OKRight click the microphone again, except this time click 'Configure speech recognition' instead of properties.Run through wizard and test your microphone.



    Obvious question:Is it in the upright position (microphone piece)? you must extend it outward to unmute it.Windows 7:Not so obvious:Goto system tray: Right click ""Sound"" (Speaker Icon)Click 'Sounds' in the context menu that pops up.In the Sound Dialog Box, look for 'Recording'.Speak into your microphone, and observe whether or not green bars are displayed to the right of the active/default device (notated by a green check mark).If a device that is not notated by a green check mark lights up, right click that device and make it...
      » 
Read More


   Obvious question:Is it in the upright position (microphone piece)? you must extend it outward to unmute it.Windows 7:Not so obvious:Goto system tray: Right click ""Sound"" (Speaker Icon)Click 'Sounds' in the context menu that pops up.In the Sound Dialog Box, look for 'Recording'.Speak into your microphone, and observe whether or not green bars are displayed to the right of the active/default device (notated by a green check mark).If a device that is not notated by a green check mark lights up, right click that device and make it the default microphone. Problem Solved.If the device that is notated by a green check mark lights up, right click that device and select Properties.Proceed to 'Levels' tab at the top of the new Microphone properties dialog box. Locate 'Microphone' and adjust the slider beneath it to the maximum volume level.Add some 'Microphone Boost' as well. Go half way on the slider for experimental reasons.Click OKRight click the microphone again, except this time click 'Configure speech recognition' instead of properties.Run through wizard and test your microphone.
      « 

Show Less"
They cord is quite long. I measured and it is approximately 9.5 feet long.
Both headsets are somewhat similar. The Special Edition has its volume control built-in on the right ear cup, which in my opinion, is much better. Also, the PC 350 SE comes with a carrying case, while if I'm not mistaken, the old 350 does not. Overall, the PC 350 SE is a totally improved PC 350, so the obvious choice would be to buy the SE, rather than buying the older model.
No it doesn't... You can get a usb adapter though.
no plastic but it is sturdy
I wear them for hours at a time while wearing my glasses and they are very comfortable.
"go with the pc350se IF you don't want to hear anything but whats coming through the headphones. I think overall I like the PC350se's better because of construction. I actually prefer to hear things in the room and the pc360's are nice for that, plus I think I prefer their sound slightly better but I had to sell one so I sold the PC360's. I use the ""Listen to this device"" soundblaster option so I can at least hear myself talk through the microphone on the pc350se's"
It does have offline Multi-player (split-screen) up to 4 players.  We've done 2 player split-screen mostly.
I know the game works on PS3 but I don't know about the controllers I am sure they would work....the game is for the PS3 only but if ps4 controller can be program to the PS3 I don't see why it wouldn't work
No. You can play the game with a controller. You do not need a racing wheel. As far as which racing wheel you should buy, I don't really know because I don't have one. But I would assume that any racing wheel would work as long as the game supports use of that peripheral. It's a fun game so either way, I think you'll enjoy it. Have fun!
when going through the option in the game the control only has 2 options and the both option are using the analog stick to steer, the d-pad is to look back ... so it looks like you can't switch it to d-pad.
Yes. My daughter plays it on windows 8. :)
yes
You'll need to buy the original Sims 3 separately.
Correct. You must have the Sims 3 base game to play any of the expansions
It's on the back of the pamphlet that comes inside the case
Yes
Yes. Xp, vista, 7. Runs on my laptop with win 8.
Yes, I have windows 8.1 and it runs fine, good luck.
The game can be played offline, but the game does have a multiplayer feature.
It runs fine from what I can tell
Hi, Brian. I suggest downloading the Gold Edition that has the U Boat version included. I forgot what the version is called but I am very pleased with this game and you really can't beat the price. One thing this game requires a lot!!!! of patience to play it in real mode. I hope this helps.
Most digital games don't come with the manual.Use the link below for a PDF version of it.https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source;=web&rct;=j&ei;=CLyEU9-mJpCjqAaX-YFo&url;=http://mypdfmanuals.com/user-manual,GAMES%2BPC,SILENT%2BHUNTER%2B4,602056.pdf&cd;=1&ved;=0CCQQFjAA&usg;=AFQjCNFV8O1WEi34883ajt3DDPsn9207vw
The core application is for the U.S. subs in the pacific against the Japanese.  SH4 Gold includes all of the U-Boat missions that occurred in the Pacific.  So it is like two games in one.
Yes I have windows 8 and it runs excellent.
I have not played this product on steam. I downloaded it from amazon directly to my computer. The product comes with a key that you have to use while installing the game.
If you have Windows 7, use these instructions, http://smile.amazon.com/review/R17MEK6ESDTFRD/ref=cm_cr_pr_viewpnt#R17MEK6ESDTFRDIf you have Windows 8, use these instructions, http://smile.amazon.com/review/R172M7IP6UAFJ9/ref=cm_cr_pr_viewpnt#R172M7IP6UAFJ9I used the Windows 7 instructions, and it worked perfectly for me.
No
Yes, it does. See other comments/instructions on how to install the drivers. The same steps apply to 7, 8, 8.1.
Yes
Yes, just be sure to download the 64 bit drivers.
Yes we had the same problem and this hard drive did the trick.  It took about 30 seconds to install and the price is good
Yes it will. it fits in slims models and 4gb models. I bought mine about 3 months ago and am very happy with it.
Xbox 360 S Console, Model #1439 is what it says on the back of mine and it fits perfectly
No it means that the laser lens needs to be cleaned with a disk with brushes. U can get 1 at the dollar store for 5$ and when you use it, let the whole cd run. I had the same problem till i used a laser lense cleaning disk
Yes, but the drive won't play older games
Yes
Yes
Not at all. It's basically a 60gb flash drive for your xbox. You just go through the content on your console and move it to the hard drive. It's really quite simple and does not do anything to your content.
Yes, it slides in and works
No tech knowledge required.  Just pull pull the plastic panel off the the bottom   of other Xbox and slide the drive in.  There is only one way it will fit.  Do a search on YouTube and you can see a quick video.  It is super easy.
I have pretty big hands and when i palm the mouse my fingers don't go past the side. It gives a nice, full feel when holding it.
Yes they can. In the settings you have an option to change the colors, the way it pulsates, and also just turning them off completely.
I believe it has omron switches. Not sure on the scaling, just sounds normal. Much like my old logitech g500. Based on your last statement, its probably not the clicking. Try screaming at the game more it will cover the mouse and fans.
lights in the Kone pure are on the logo itself not the sides, while in the XTD it's on the sides (4 LEDs) while the logo is a silversih color only, not lit upalso you sacrifice one more button, the button infront of the scroll wheel, it counts as 2 buttons with the shift + functionality, other than that it's the aesthetic looks
"Every once in a while the mouse will ""wander"" or ""drift"".  It's correctable by unplugging it then re-plugging it in to the USB port.  I've not noticed any problems specifically with the scroll wheel.  I've also never mapped any of the other buttons, so I can't say how well they work."
I haven't had any issue of the sort and my friend who had to RMA his didn't have a problem during the procedure, either.
There are two buttons right under the scroll wheel that were made with that in mind. They have '+' and '-' on them respectively,  and are set to adjust DPI to whatever you like in the default setup. You can, however, change the function of the two to whatever else you can think of, so there is a lot of versatility.
It's kindof tough, but as any mouse requires a little breaking in.
No. Only AC2 comes with DLC.
"Son los 3 juegos en el ""mismo disco"". Uso comillas porque vienen: Assasin's Creed 2, Assasin's Creed  Brotherhood y Assasin's Creed  Revelations (los 3 juegos protagonizados por Ezio, por eso se llama Assasin's Creed: Ezio Trilogy). El disco como tal trae el Assasin's Creed  Revelations. Para aaceder a los otros dos, debes descargarlos de la PSN (cosa que para poder hacer - sin pagar adicionales- necesitas este disco). Asi que considera el espacio en disco duro."
The games are bundled in a single disc, you have to install the Assassin's Creed 2 and Brotherhood in your ps3's HDD, it takes arround 14gb both games, Revelations on the other hand plays directly from the disc, but you still need the disc in order to play AC 2 and Brotherhood
All come with the disc but the first two need to be fully installed (not from the Internet just from the disc) revalations is the only one that doesn't require a full install to play
They install from the disc, but  you still have to have the disc inside the PS3 to play the games. All 3 games are on one disc, brotherhood is the only game that can be played straight from the disc.
Yes
As far as I know, yes. I bought this game used and I played all three games. Assassins creed 2 and brotherhood aren't actually downloads. They are on the disc but requires aa full install to play them.
I did not have to download any patches besides install ac2 and ac brotherhood, i would have to say no
It has both languages in it
http://www.cmstorm.com/en/support/downloads/156/
It should. The mouse has been out for a while the cooler master is a big company, i'm sure they would have updated their drivers if necessary. Mice usually don't need externally installed drivers to have basic functionality, so i don't think it would be a problem at all.
very
No, it does not have a free scroll wheel.
Each of the various DPI settings has a corresponding color. The LED is only completely turned off when the DPI is on the lowest setting, otherwise there is always a color.
"When I first got the mouse, it was a ""problem"" and one that was really annoying, but after a while I changed the way I gripped this particular mouse . Keep in mind you can always set those buttons to do nothing via the included software if needed."
Its nice retail packaging. Nice and sturdy with no wear or discoloration.
To be honest, I'm not sure how the chat side works for the Wii U, but my assumption is that any headphone with a standard 3.5mm jack will plug in direct to the Wii U controller. You won't get surround sound or anything, but as a stereo headphone, it should work normally.
The band is pretty comfortable, as well as the ear cups. I wear this for hours, and I have average is not slightly large ears.
No. It comes with a long cable. But you don't want this thing anyway, unless you're a child and you have tiny ears.
Unfortunately no. No way to mute except using the inline control or via console or pc
it goes into the controller.......
"It will work with the Xbox One, but not right out of the box. You will need to buy the Xbox one adapter that will allow you to use it (I think the adapter goes for 25 dollars, I don't really remember what I paid for it.) The adapter allows any stereo headset to work so the SLYR works nice. You don't need to do anything but plug the headset straight into the xbox one adapter for headsets and you'll immediately get game sound to tell you that it is working. No more long cables running between you and the tv/xbox 360. The adapter even allows you to adjust game sound right from it by simply pressing the +/- controls. The other side has controls for game/person volume with a mute in the middle.



    It will work with the Xbox One, but not right out of the box. You will need to buy the Xbox one adapter that will allow you to use it (I think the adapter goes for 25 dollars, I don't really remember what I paid for it.) The adapter allows any stereo headset to work so the SLYR works nice. You don't need to do anything but plug the headset straight into the xbox one adapter for headsets and you'll immediately get game sound to tell you that it is working. No more long cables running between you and the tv/xbox 360. The adapter even allows you to adjust game sound right from it by simply...
      » 
Read More


   It will work with the Xbox One, but not right out of the box. You will need to buy the Xbox one adapter that will allow you to use it (I think the adapter goes for 25 dollars, I don't really remember what I paid for it.) The adapter allows any stereo headset to work so the SLYR works nice. You don't need to do anything but plug the headset straight into the xbox one adapter for headsets and you'll immediately get game sound to tell you that it is working. No more long cables running between you and the tv/xbox 360. The adapter even allows you to adjust game sound right from it by simply pressing the +/- controls. The other side has controls for game/person volume with a mute in the middle.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes I use mine with Xbox one but you need the adapter from xbox
I have a 12 year old boy that loves this game.  He's been playing is for a few years, upgrading each time he can. Sometimes children don't want to take the time to read the instructions, but they have an amazing way of figuring it out on the fly.  That said, there are instructions if a child should get stuck, so don't let them give up too easily. If your child loves trains, has an imagination, and any sort of engineering or problem-solving skills, this is a good learning and fun game/software to buy for them.
"you do not need to be connected to steam to play after install. just tried it and was able to play. it will come up with a message saying it can not connect to steam and will give you a button to press ""play game"" click this and it will launch the game. Happy railing!  :-)"
Hi, I got mine through steam but here's a link to amazon where you can buy the disk.Train Simulator 2013hope link works.
I wouldn't know.  It works with Windows 7.  I have not gone to 8.
You might ask someone that is more skilled with this
"I enjoy playing the simulator, but there is a lot of problems I have ran into with both 2013 and also 2014 using Windows 8. Some of the games hang up or lock the computer. I also found that some the scenarios were very hard to complete because of time limit set is to short or the trains need more power in order to keep up the speed in the hills, or just shut down. Another thing. It would be great if they produced a manual to show and explain a lot of the operation. For a beginner like myself. Half the time I am lost and have no ideal of what to do next. Very costly to attempt to purchase add-on to enjoy more of the game.



    I enjoy playing the simulator, but there is a lot of problems I have ran into with both 2013 and also 2014 using Windows 8. Some of the games hang up or lock the computer. I also found that some the scenarios were very hard to complete because of time limit set is to short or the trains need more power in order to keep up the speed in the hills, or just shut down. Another thing. It would be great if they produced a manual to show and explain a lot of the operation. For a beginner like myself. Half the time I am lost and have no ideal of what to do next. Very costly to attempt to purchase...
      » 
Read More


   I enjoy playing the simulator, but there is a lot of problems I have ran into with both 2013 and also 2014 using Windows 8. Some of the games hang up or lock the computer. I also found that some the scenarios were very hard to complete because of time limit set is to short or the trains need more power in order to keep up the speed in the hills, or just shut down. Another thing. It would be great if they produced a manual to show and explain a lot of the operation. For a beginner like myself. Half the time I am lost and have no ideal of what to do next. Very costly to attempt to purchase add-on to enjoy more of the game.
      « 

Show Less"
"I believe it does. Syetem requirements are on the box. Also the website ""steam"" has Q"
It's on the other side of the cow shed.
They came out with farming simulator 2015 which is a lot better. I think once he knows the controls he's in good shape. For games like this, you would need a good processor and graphics cards so the game in simple terms is not choppy, blurry etc. Hope this helps,
I'm sorry, but can't answer your question. I can't even play mine. It says I have to make an account and when I do, it offers me other games to buy. I just want to play the game I already bought and can't!!  I contacted them but got no help. I hope you have better luck getting the answer you need!!!
Yes, you need Steam to install Farming Simulator 2013 whether you download it from the Internet or from a disk.  But you don't need Steam to play Farming Simulator 2013.   Steam is the name of a website.
Ok, if you have downloaded them, you have to copy the file (right click, copy) then go go your documents-my games-fs2013-mods, then paste the file in there and it should work
that is a mod.
Yes it will i have windows 8 and it work fine
Yes.  Xp and Windows 7 handle it just fine.
It's 6 feet with a really nice usb, I loved it and you will too :)
It's Wired.
It's relatively quiet. It's not a mechanical keyboard so it's not that loud. It's average I'd say.
No it does not.
Yes it does. It doesn't tilt up a lot but its better than flat.
I am using it now. I had to take it from my desktop to my laptop to try it. I am using Windows 8 with the 8.1 upgrade. The keyboard seems to work fine on my laptop. I like the blue-lighted feature. You can dim the lights or make them brighter. I think you would be very happy with it. I hope this answered your questions. Now, I have to go plug it into my other desktop.
The one I received has three colors, blue red, and purple. Changeable by pressing the fn key and the number pad 5.
I bought one for my son in January. Yes, it comes with the sensor bar and blue one wiimote and nunchuck.
i think for 1 yr but not sure we have had ours for a couple of yrs and it is just fine.
Yes
"Yes you can watch netflix and amazon instant video through your wifi internet.  There are some other apps such as weather channel and nintendo shop as well.  If you are getting this for that it is great but they are discontinuing making regular wii games now which means you will only be able to buy used games or what wii games they have left in store, no up to date games.  The Wii U is the new system that also plays wii games and wii u games.  The wii U is also expensive.  I bought the wii skylanders giant pack for my 5 year old and he loves it, we find regular wii games at yard sales all the time cheap or at gamestop.  Maybe when he is older I will buy him a more expensive game system but not while he is so young.



    Yes you can watch netflix and amazon instant video through your wifi internet. There are some other apps such as weather channel and nintendo shop as well. If you are getting this for that it is great but they are discontinuing making regular wii games now which means you will only be able to buy used games or what wii games they have left in store, no up to date games. The Wii U is the new system that also plays wii games and wii u games. The wii U is also expensive. I bought the wii skylanders giant pack for my 5 year old and he loves it, we find regular wii games at yard sales all the...
      » 
Read More


   Yes you can watch netflix and amazon instant video through your wifi internet.  There are some other apps such as weather channel and nintendo shop as well.  If you are getting this for that it is great but they are discontinuing making regular wii games now which means you will only be able to buy used games or what wii games they have left in store, no up to date games.  The Wii U is the new system that also plays wii games and wii u games.  The wii U is also expensive.  I bought the wii skylanders giant pack for my 5 year old and he loves it, we find regular wii games at yard sales all the time cheap or at gamestop.  Maybe when he is older I will buy him a more expensive game system but not while he is so young.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, this plays all Wii games.  It has the console, antenna, controller and nunchuck.  This one also includes the skylander's start up figures and the game.  The blue color is specific for this skylander bundle.
no it doesnt, to both
It works with Skylanders Spyro's Adventure, and Skylanders Swap Force. It also works with Skylanders Giants but be careful because it only works with the Wii Version and not the Wii U Version (if the disc case is Blue it's the wrong version)All of the toys and all of the portals will work. The only thing to be cautious of is to make sure you have the Wii version of the game and not the Wii U version.
Yes, it's functional w/ all existing Wii accessories and software.
According to the deal that was running at the time I purchased it, I had to purchase a game to get the eal.
The wii mini has no internet connection, it's just for playing games.  It uses the original Wii games, not the new Wii U games.
The game system comes with one remote, so yes you will need to purchase additional remotes.
Yes, regular Wii games will work on this nice console. But Wii U games won't work.
Yes, you can use use the same controller.
Red!
1.8 metre or 6 feet.
Yes I use it with 8.1 with no problems.
Nope just up and down like normal.
I've only used the m65 and I am very satisfied with it.
"If by accurate you mean ""responds to being clicked"", I've never had problems. I click, and the action happens. It takes a little bit more force to click than many other mice, though, so it may get annoying if you need the wheel to be easy to press. As for scrolling, there's a tactile little ""tick"" while scrolling. I.E. it feels bumpy when scrolling, much like many other mice."
4 1/2 x 3 x 1 1/4 lxwxh roughly measured
No, with USB cable. tks.
Right. The sniper button is for the thumb.
No, I believe this is just the add on.  You're better off finding an all inclusive edition if you dont have the originals already.
no you dont have wait your registration code should be on back of the manul you do have to register your code online with square cinx though in order to play the game
Any xbox 360 ffxi disc will work aslong as you have the game installed and the codes registered.
If you bought the game used, then yes you would need a new registration code and if you bought the game new, then id file a claim with amazon that the seller misrepresented the item you bought.
You need to have the original FFXI game installed. You can get the game with all the expansions on one disc. You also need an internet connection as its an online game. Yes it has a monthly fee.
Yes. After you install the core game, you will download all updates to your Xbox HDD once you log into the Playonline Viewer. Then, you can install the Seekers expansion disc.
Press LT & sync at the same time to turn the mod on and again to turn it off.  While on press sync to cycle through all 17 mods. Excellent controller if your looking for a good bang for your buck.
It's literally just an xbox 360 controller. It will work for any game on the xbox 360.
Possibly yes , but the chance of that happening is nearly impossible.
Its came with a paper but they work even though I dont use it
Sometimes you have to hold it for a second
Yaaa you can I use a rechargeable batter pack too and it works fine
Girls with secrets, judge dee and night in the opera.  There are 3 bonus games
The hint button will give you info about it or you can also google the walk thru for the game and go to that section of instruction.
Stereo
I use mine for a Mac and it works wirelessly. I'm not so sure about a PC but I'd assume so.
Dont use them until fully charged
Yes works on ps4 pc and xbox 360 just fine
I'm not sure but the manufacturer or company should have a warranty.
It means that turtle beach as a company, is certifying that this product is up to their standards for resale.
not sure- never used it on a pc
Yes, it doesn't have any problems in Europe :)
I believe just one can but it's a fun game though
I played two player with my girl friend. I think you just hit start on second control and the second player joins in as a silver looking knack. It's size and what not is dependant totally on any artifacts that player one acquires. If player one grows so does player two.
no its a single player game
I feel that it would be a good game for kids.  It doesn't have any blood or gore.  It's more along the lines of the old fashioned type video games.
It depends. Knack is a difficult game that feels like it came out of the 80s or 90s. Knack has simple controls that are easy to learn but hard to master. It's the super Mario bros of beat'em ups. It's pretty bare bones, but it's really fun despite its jumbled story. If you just started gaming then you could at least do easy mode, but as someone who has been gaming all my life I found the game difficult. If you have ps+ I'd say wait. It is sure to be the first retail game on the service on ps4. If you want a challenge though, this is your game.
According to my son, you can change the settings in Playstation 4 so that everything is in Spanish. You also need to set Knack to Spanish.
It's a platformer. Not a whole lot of strategy. Think of Ratchet & Clank (without guns), or Jak & Daxter. If you liked those two, and you can excuse the overall simplicity of the game, it should be right up your ally.
pretty much the best way to describe it is it is kind of like a pixar movie.  I was impressed.
As B. Tipton said, no violence and you will learn how to train all breeds of dogs. There is exciting DLC that features Cesar Millan, and you work beside him on 3 intense levels where you try to get this Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever and Treeing Walker Coonhound to not fight while company is over.
Your Internet should not effect the single player at all
The parkore and player movements give it a Assassins creed feel. Like hurdling over obstacles looks and feels a lot like AC. However the shooting and driving give it a entirely different feeling. Some of the side missions feel like Some AC side missions. Tailing enemies, stealing data - listening in on conversations in AC, linking with CTOS - eagle viewpoints in AC. It has some AC feel but a different feel of something new
It's not a PS 4 exclusive, that 1 hour of content is a Playstation exclusive. Look at the case covers for both the PS3 and PS4 versions, they could've worded that better, as in Playstation instead of PS3 or PS4. Both versions get it (and it's not a pre order bonus), Xbox or PC doesn't.
I pre-ordered mine, it's on the UPS truck, and scheduled to deliver on the 27th, as promised.
Blu Ray dvd
New copies come with activation papers on the inside cover of the game, I'm not sure if a used copy would have a code that has not been used
there is no pass needed to play the game i think you may need a PS plus sub to play online but thats all (: season pass is optional for DLC
Once you get to the 3rd (I think) mission it unlocks multiplayer. From there you can open the map and switch to the multiplayer map where you choose what you want to do.
Make sure your computer meets the minimum requirements. Check to see if you're in power saving mode.  Turn off unnecessary programs using your ram. Turn down game graphics.
It should work just fine on Windows 8.  Back of the box says vista/7/8.
"I have a 360 controller running on a Windows 8 machine that was automatically detected as soon as I plugged it into the USB port (it's wired, not wireless).  I didn't need to do anything special after installing AC4. When the game first started up and said, ""Press any key"", I pressed A on the controller and it worked straight away. No button configuring required."
Yes, just like every other game :)
Are you sure that the problem come from the key? It's hard to tell without information how you cannot play. I have problem as well, first I cannot install the game because the disc has some scratches so I try the steam version instead. After I play for a while, my computer got update and I cannot start the game, so I change the graphic setting and it work just fine. If your problem is similar to mine, I suggest changing the game setting to minimum requirement and try to start the game. Hope this help.
Uplay
Not obligatory, just you can play without conection but if you conect to internet can unblock some facilities.
That is not normal. Does your PC meet the minimum requirements? If your graphics card and cpu aren't that great, you might wanna lower the graphics settings before playing.
We don't play it online, but sometimes it is really slow. Sorry, I don't have a clue. Perhaps your internet speed slowed down? Good luck finding the answer.
Daughter says yes, but have to do missions to beat the game. Hope it helps:)
According to my son, it is not two player, just single player.  However, you can play others via the internet. Hope this helps...
I have both disks.
It's possible to change the system's settings, I believe.
Yes
Sorry, no, for neither single or multiplayer
Yes
No you dont.
The game is great...it come with 2 CDs.. The 2 one u have to play it in xbox live ..
I'm not sure if that's a serious question. The game features multiple game modes. You can play online, start a manager career or a player career, exhibition matches and skill games.
Yes it does. It has a numberof multiplayer options including co-op. It works very well.
I do not know what PAL is....I personally do not play this game. It was for my two young boys and they don't know what the PAL is either so I am not able to help you...sorry
On one system? You can have up to four people playing. Ultimate online season can only have one person playing though unless you do a single player season instead of online.
Yes desire this game come With french language
Spanish & English
You would absolutely be able to continue! The DLC comes on the disk and all you do is install it onto your system, it will go right along with your saves.
NTSC
Absolutely. Your character and progress stay as they are and you can continue through both expansion packs.
No.only for updates
"Skyrim Legendary edition has all 3 DLCs on the disc. In the PS3 menu, you will see the icon for Skyrim, then just below it will be the icon for the DLCs. Select that icon and it will take you into a menu showing the DLCs and you can choose which ones you want to install, and it also gives you options as to which language version to install. It is best to choose the language that matches the region code of the PS3, such as English version DLC for North American region code PS3. The disc will install the DLCs to the PS3's hard drive, then I believe it will require a restart of the system. Once that is done, you can then play Skyrim as usual. The extra icon for the DLCs will still be there below the Skyrim one, in case for any reason you wish to uninstall a DLC. You can install the DLCs and then play any saved game files that were made before installing the DLCs. If your character in the saved file meets certain criteria for triggering the DLC content, such as having fought the first dragon at the Western Watchtower, then the next time you fast travel you will likely encounter the Cultists. It is possible to have the cultists and Durak approach you at the same time, if you are over level 10 and have completed the quest Dragon Rising. If this occurs, they tend to talk over each other which can be confusing. As for Hearthfire, the sites of the new homes will have changed slightly, usually including a wood chopping block and some landscape like boulders or fallen trees may have been shifted. Also, the stone quarries and clay deposits available across Skyrim will have appeared and you will be able to mine them with a pickaxe. Also, the clothing, armor, and appearance of vampires will have changed if you have Dawnguard installed.



    Skyrim Legendary edition has all 3 DLCs on the disc. In the PS3 menu, you will see the icon for Skyrim, then just below it will be the icon for the DLCs. Select that icon and it will take you into a menu showing the DLCs and you can choose which ones you want to install, and it also gives you options as to which language version to install. It is best to choose the language that matches the region code of the PS3, such as English version DLC for North American region code PS3. The disc will install the DLCs to the PS3's hard drive, then I believe it will require a restart of the system....
      » 
Read More


   Skyrim Legendary edition has all 3 DLCs on the disc. In the PS3 menu, you will see the icon for Skyrim, then just below it will be the icon for the DLCs. Select that icon and it will take you into a menu showing the DLCs and you can choose which ones you want to install, and it also gives you options as to which language version to install. It is best to choose the language that matches the region code of the PS3, such as English version DLC for North American region code PS3. The disc will install the DLCs to the PS3's hard drive, then I believe it will require a restart of the system. Once that is done, you can then play Skyrim as usual. The extra icon for the DLCs will still be there below the Skyrim one, in case for any reason you wish to uninstall a DLC. You can install the DLCs and then play any saved game files that were made before installing the DLCs. If your character in the saved file meets certain criteria for triggering the DLC content, such as having fought the first dragon at the Western Watchtower, then the next time you fast travel you will likely encounter the Cultists. It is possible to have the cultists and Durak approach you at the same time, if you are over level 10 and have completed the quest Dragon Rising. If this occurs, they tend to talk over each other which can be confusing. As for Hearthfire, the sites of the new homes will have changed slightly, usually including a wood chopping block and some landscape like boulders or fallen trees may have been shifted. Also, the stone quarries and clay deposits available across Skyrim will have appeared and you will be able to mine them with a pickaxe. Also, the clothing, armor, and appearance of vampires will have changed if you have Dawnguard installed.
      « 

Show Less"
No difference at all. Make sure if you want all the downloadable content that you buy the LEGENDARY EDITION.
No
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Legendary Edition is the best version to get because it comes with all DLC released for the game.
Because you are fine with murder but  the human form is too filthy.
Yes, the dlc comes within the game; it's just like downloading the game to your ps3 and the dlc you have to download from your cd to your ps3 seperately.
I ordered this item twice and both times got NO Beta code!!!
You do not need an internet connection for the single player.
Start with disc 1 and then follow the instructions on the screen
Mine is the nsta USA version. I've heard the one in Germany removed all references to Nazi's. I think that's a PAL region. But mine is for the US and think it has regional restrictions.
There are a few sex scenes that don't show private parts, and cursing.
Yes it has all of them. The game has a digital code for MGS1 that you can download from the PSN, it has the HD versions of MGS2, MGS3, and MGS: Peace Walker. The MGS3: HD edition also includes the original Metal Gear and Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake for the MSX. And, finally...the collection includes MGS4. The only games that are not here are MGS: Portable Ops, the MGS Ac!d games, and the NES versions of Metal Gear and Metal Gear 2.
im not sure. the game has been tested and it does work.
It does include MGS 1 which is what twin snakes is a remake of, but not the actual twin snakes game.  So to answer your question,  no.
It is made to be used for ps3
I believe the codes wont expire, they are codes for the PSN Network and will let you download Metal Gear Solid 1 and some extra's, but problem is if you aren't using an american account it wont work, so if you need to, make an american account and then go onto the PSN Network and input the code :) It will let you download it onto your american account user on PS3 :)
It is Subsistence as per other reviews with the fully controllable camera but does not come with Snake vs Monkey minigame. Plus you get the downloadable camos, MG 1 and 2 Solid Snake from the Famicom, and other extras.
Yes, it is. As most games sold for North America.
Yes
Legacy has the HD Collection in it. The HD Collection is Metal Gear Solid 2, 3 and Peace Walker. Legacy also has 1 and 4, extra content and a neat art book thing. Legacy is a lot harder to find too, so it might be extra valuable in a few years, who knows.
I think it would work
I bought the disk version with the cable when it was on sale at a deep discount.  All you need is the license key from the box by which you can log into your Steam account and activate the new game by entering the license key after which the latest edition (all patches included) will proceed to download to your games library.  if you did use the disk, you wouldn't have all the patches and the game would patch after activation.  Just using the code through steam, no drive is necessary.
Yes, this will get you there. There are a bunch of videos included with it starting with the absolute basics of holding and stringing the guitar. Most people don't watch many of them, like me, and just can pick it up and go from there. You can get to be pretty decent just by working through the songs. This has more than what you need to get proficient, aka able to play but not like a pro necessarily
"Not sure what you are asking. Please revise your English question and ask again if necessary. If you meant ""does this have an activation key?"" The answer is yes. If you meant ""What or where is the activation key?"" The answer is: The activation key is a long series of numbers AND letters (I think there are 16) that would be written on a paper that is found in the inside cover of the DVD package that Rocksmith comes in, and is required to access the program that allows you to use it on your computer or game console. Please note that Ubisoft only allows activation on ONE (1) computer or game console at a time, so don't think you will be able to share someone else's activation code or download it to multiple computers, even if they are all your computers. You will not be able to use but one computer or game console. So make sure that the console or computer you download it to is the one you will be able to play the game on ALL THE TIME. However, you CAN download the game to one computer then switch over to another computer, as long as you still have the activation code. This will activate Rocksmith on the new computer but simultaneously deactivate the original computer. This is so you can upgrade to a new computer without having to buy a new version of Rocksmith. Hope this helps!



    Not sure what you are asking. Please revise your English question and ask again if necessary. If you meant ""does this have an activation key?"" The answer is yes. If you meant ""What or where is the activation key?"" The answer is: The activation key is a long series of numbers AND letters (I think there are 16) that would be written on a paper that is found in the inside cover of the DVD package that Rocksmith comes in, and is required to access the program that allows you to use it on your computer or game console. Please note that Ubisoft only allows activation on ONE...
      » 
Read More


   Not sure what you are asking. Please revise your English question and ask again if necessary. If you meant ""does this have an activation key?"" The answer is yes. If you meant ""What or where is the activation key?"" The answer is: The activation key is a long series of numbers AND letters (I think there are 16) that would be written on a paper that is found in the inside cover of the DVD package that Rocksmith comes in, and is required to access the program that allows you to use it on your computer or game console. Please note that Ubisoft only allows activation on ONE (1) computer or game console at a time, so don't think you will be able to share someone else's activation code or download it to multiple computers, even if they are all your computers. You will not be able to use but one computer or game console. So make sure that the console or computer you download it to is the one you will be able to play the game on ALL THE TIME. However, you CAN download the game to one computer then switch over to another computer, as long as you still have the activation code. This will activate Rocksmith on the new computer but simultaneously deactivate the original computer. This is so you can upgrade to a new computer without having to buy a new version of Rocksmith. Hope this helps!
      « 

Show Less"
As long as your version meets the minimum Requirements.
In order to use your guitar with Rocksmith, you do not use an amp at all. You plug the guitar to the computer with the Ubisoft Rocksmith Real Tone Cable.
Not if you have steam.  Just activate it on there and you can download steam to your GFs computer.  JUst bring your cable.
"The cable is 1/4"" male jack at one end and USB at the other end."
"I am over 50 and am not a ""Gamer"" at all, and I have had no problem using Rocksmith on both Playstation 3 (PS3) and my PC. It really isn't a game in the usual sense. It's just that the primary method of teaching you how to play the guitar/Bass is to mimic the kind of interface that people got used to in the other Rock Hero/Rockstar/rockband/whatever games that became all the rage a few years ago. Those games really just had you pressing 4 buttons on a fake, plastic guitar as it played a famous rock song to make you feel like you were playing along, but the player learned NOTHING about the guitar or music. Rocksmith on the other hand uses the same type appearance but you are plucking your real guitar strings to hit the incoming notes so as to actually learn the instrument. The game also has a ""Lessons"" section that show you a video of how to play a technique on the guitar, then puts you into an interactive session to accomplish what the video teaches. I highly recommend Rocksmith to anyone of any age, who enjoys rock style music and wants to learn guitar/bass. The interface is really easy to use and requires no gaming experience to use. It only requires average computer or game console skills to download and play. That being said, in my review of the game I did say that the computer version (PC/Mac) is not the version I recommend due to the problems (Still ongoing) with Steam. I highly recommend you use the PS3 version because I have experienced none of the Steam type problems with Playstation version! Therefore if you are going to use the PS3 version you will need a working knowledge of using Playstation 3 (or XBox), including setting up and signing into a Playstation Account so that Rocksmith will be able to save your profile within your own PSN Account. If you have never used PS3 or XBox, you can typically find someone that can easily run you through setting it up and navigating through it, especially if you have or know a teenager. I use my PS3 not only to play Rocksmith but also to watch Netflix, Hulu and other movie sites. The PS3 is also a BlueRay disc player so you can watch DVDs on it. Handy, Yes! Anyway, If your not really sure about Rocksmith, just go to YouTube.com and watch the many videos about using the Rocksmith game. That should give yo all the info you need to decide whether the ""game"" will work for you. Good Luck!



    I am over 50 and am not a ""Gamer"" at all, and I have had no problem using Rocksmith on both Playstation 3 (PS3) and my PC. It really isn't a game in the usual sense. It's just that the primary method of teaching you how to play the guitar/Bass is to mimic the kind of interface that people got used to in the other Rock Hero/Rockstar/rockband/whatever games that became all the rage a few years ago. Those games really just had you pressing 4 buttons on a fake, plastic guitar as it played a famous rock song to make you feel like you were playing along, but the player learned NOTHING...
      » 
Read More


   I am over 50 and am not a ""Gamer"" at all, and I have had no problem using Rocksmith on both Playstation 3 (PS3) and my PC. It really isn't a game in the usual sense. It's just that the primary method of teaching you how to play the guitar/Bass is to mimic the kind of interface that people got used to in the other Rock Hero/Rockstar/rockband/whatever games that became all the rage a few years ago. Those games really just had you pressing 4 buttons on a fake, plastic guitar as it played a famous rock song to make you feel like you were playing along, but the player learned NOTHING about the guitar or music. Rocksmith on the other hand uses the same type appearance but you are plucking your real guitar strings to hit the incoming notes so as to actually learn the instrument. The game also has a ""Lessons"" section that show you a video of how to play a technique on the guitar, then puts you into an interactive session to accomplish what the video teaches. I highly recommend Rocksmith to anyone of any age, who enjoys rock style music and wants to learn guitar/bass. The interface is really easy to use and requires no gaming experience to use. It only requires average computer or game console skills to download and play. That being said, in my review of the game I did say that the computer version (PC/Mac) is not the version I recommend due to the problems (Still ongoing) with Steam. I highly recommend you use the PS3 version because I have experienced none of the Steam type problems with Playstation version! Therefore if you are going to use the PS3 version you will need a working knowledge of using Playstation 3 (or XBox), including setting up and signing into a Playstation Account so that Rocksmith will be able to save your profile within your own PSN Account. If you have never used PS3 or XBox, you can typically find someone that can easily run you through setting it up and navigating through it, especially if you have or know a teenager. I use my PS3 not only to play Rocksmith but also to watch Netflix, Hulu and other movie sites. The PS3 is also a BlueRay disc player so you can watch DVDs on it. Handy, Yes! Anyway, If your not really sure about Rocksmith, just go to YouTube.com and watch the many videos about using the Rocksmith game. That should give yo all the info you need to decide whether the ""game"" will work for you. Good Luck!
      « 

Show Less"
"This game actually teaches you the cords so you could pick up other songs and play them after you get good at this game. It won't really help with ""Sheet music"" and music theory as much though."
No, this is a Windows PC keyboard only.
No they do not. If you have any cheap keyboard sitting around (rubber dome), the key press feels the same.
Up until now I have had no problems with setting up or transitioning with the less.  They stay as bright as you set them constantly.
No, the texture is the same on all the keys.
The K50 Has two I believe. I would recommend to look at unboxings
I would think so. I use mine for mapping keystrokes as a sizzle button and works great. As long as you can input the characters its should work fine. :D
Yeah it is, but I found it to be quite a bit more comfortable with it on.
About an inch.
Yes you do. You can control the menu and things with the controller but the actual gameplay is all about your own movements.
The kids say its better!
No I that will not work but they have been putting up some DLC from that on Just Dance2014. So yes and no I guess. I'm sure they'll put more from the past JD4 on this one as time goes on.
Yes, it will work with a PS3. The instructions on how to hook it up are in the box.
Technically, yes, and it is very simple to set up. You must plug the USB into the PS4 and the headphone jack into the controller, then go to settings and change all sounds to go to the headset. The issue with this is that you must sit directly in front of your tv because the split in the cord is so short. I mostly use them with my laptop. I have been meaning to test if it is necessary to plug the jack into the controller. If it does work without that, then these work great with the PS4!
Not that I know of, no.
Yes it will work on a Wii U. Just unplug the headset from the inline amp and plug it directly into the Wii U's 3.5mm audio port. Easy Peasy. The Marvel Seven is a great headset, I actually use one at my desk every day for phone calls and video chat.
At the moment, I believe the only adapter on the market is sold by Microsoft. http://www.amazon.com/Xbox-One-Stereo-Headset-Adapter/dp/B00OIPOTYG/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1416942895&sr;=8-2&keywords;=xbox+one+chat+adapter&pebp;=1416942902749 The Marvel Headset is really nice, I use it every day at the office.
Yes the belt comes with it
Regular wii remote is inserted in belt.
Yes
This game works on the wii u an long as you have all the pieces that go with the wii u there is nothing additional needed to run the game
you can hold the remote
Yes it does!
Two square meters will be ok
the whole game is playable with 2 people. I'm not sure about 3+. but it's super fun with 2!
Yup. Plays like all lego games but with dialog... Cool story line, tons of playable marvel characters.
Yes.  You are able to play with two characters and a third in tow, allowing one of you to switch to that third character depending on the task to be completed.
Yes. My kids love this game.
I believe it's only up to 2 players at a time.
Although I have no knowledge of those boxes I do know if they have micro usb audio output or bluetooth audio then it should work.  If no micro usb audio out then perhaps an adaptor to go from phone jack to that? You'd have to check with a place like RadioShack to help you for such things. Also there's such a thing as phone jack to bluetooth transmitters.  Hope that helps.
These hook up with Bluetooth and will play anything including telephone conversations and they also have a microphone. It doesn't matter what you play through them.
Yes...
Yes they Will connect to any other blues tooth device
Musicjogger just can listen to music with bleutooth device, not included with TF/Micro card, and sorry that aslo can not listen to radio station itself unless by your mobile phone
The headphones are pretty tightly bound to your head for comfortable fit while running.
Mazer II 2500 DPI is better,it is second generation Mazer,more improvements,thanks
You can get it in both. Just double check which one your ordering.
As long you use a computer with a USB port, and mouse compatable then yes.
It is wired. Braided cable btw
It sounds normal like any other mouse clicks and you will get a wired mouse no doubt. It works very well.
Yes comes in original box.
This works perfectly windows 8
The lights turn off when you shut your computer off completely. Putting your pc on sleep does not turn off the lights.
No,there aren't,this mouse is plug and play
"Can't really compare this to the type R as I don't have it. It's a solid mouse for the money though. What I can tell you as far as weight is concerned is that it's seems slightly back heavy (perhaps because of the ""balance ring"" which is the thumb catch towards the back), but for the most part pretty well balanced. My only real complaint is that I wish they would've elongated the ""balance ring (thumb catch)"" a little more. I find myself sometimes sort of running over my thumb with this. But for the money, I would recommend it!"
Only Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim have Steam keys. Arena, Daggerfall, Morrowind (inc. DLC) and Oblivion (inc. DLC) can be installed via CD/DVD without the need the need for Steam, Skyrim however requires Steam activation before you can play, even if you install via DVD.(It should be noted that Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim plus all DLC are on ONE Steam key.)
"Bethesda answers this here :http://www.bethblog.com/2013/08/07/the-complete-elder-scrolls-collection-comes-to-pc-this-september/""For Oblivion, this means that the **disc** version of the game does not include the smaller add-ons (Horse Armor, Fighter's Stronghold, Mehrunes' Razor, etc)... more on that below.""""As a bonus, the included Steam key will activate Steam versions of Morrowind GOTY and Oblivion GOTY Deluxe. Like the disc release of Oblivion, the deluxe versions include the main game, Knights of the Nine, and Shivering Isles, but it also adds English versions of the Wizard's Tower, Fighter's Stronghold, Orrery, Thives' Den, The Vile Lair, Mehrunes' Razor, and Horse Armor. These add-ons are not compatible with the disc version of the game, so you will need to use the Steam version to access them.""



    Bethesda answers this here :http://www.bethblog.com/2013/08/07/the-complete-elder-scrolls-collection-comes-to-pc-this-september/""For Oblivion, this means that the **disc** version of the game does not include the smaller add-ons (Horse Armor, Fighter's Stronghold, Mehrunes' Razor, etc)... more on that below.""""As a bonus, the included Steam key will activate Steam versions of Morrowind GOTY and Oblivion GOTY Deluxe. Like the disc release of Oblivion, the deluxe versions include the main game, Knights of the Nine, and Shivering Isles, but...
      » 
Read More


   Bethesda answers this here :http://www.bethblog.com/2013/08/07/the-complete-elder-scrolls-collection-comes-to-pc-this-september/""For Oblivion, this means that the **disc** version of the game does not include the smaller add-ons (Horse Armor, Fighter's Stronghold, Mehrunes' Razor, etc)... more on that below.""""As a bonus, the included Steam key will activate Steam versions of Morrowind GOTY and Oblivion GOTY Deluxe. Like the disc release of Oblivion, the deluxe versions include the main game, Knights of the Nine, and Shivering Isles, but it also adds English versions of the Wizard's Tower, Fighter's Stronghold, Orrery, Thives' Den, The Vile Lair, Mehrunes' Razor, and Horse Armor. These add-ons are not compatible with the disc version of the game, so you will need to use the Steam version to access them.""
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, I have 8.1 as well and all the games run fine.
You will have to download and install Steam for Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim, however let me assure you Steam is amazing. I prefer all my games with it. As to the code, after you install Steam and create an account you can choose to validate any codes. Elder Scrolls Anthology is all covered under one code and from then on is tied to that account, so please make sure you remember your account info! (Though Steam automatically saves it for convenience). Once you activate that code Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim can all begin downloading along with all of their expansion packs. :)
"Just over 16"" x 20"""
Hey Ashlan you can still play your game it downloads everything and will continue with your game. You will not lose anything. I hope that helps.
Sadly no. Its a PC only.
These are all windows games, so they will work on 7. (If you you have a non/ low gaming pc run skyrim in low) Skyrim, and Oblivion have it opted in to using a xbox 360 controller, morrowind might have a mod out to do the same. As for Arena and Daggerfall, you only really need the keyboard, as the mouse is optional, these games simply can't be played with a controller.
Sadly, no. You can find digital copies in .pdf format at manuals.bethsoft.com, however.
"Campaign is ""single player"" mode playing set missions against the computer. You can get online and play a campaign with other people on your team as well. Most people get online and play multi-player matches where everyone is a real person on both teams."
I am not 100% positive, but I am pretty sure it will work on any PS3 console.
Mine is in English im not sure if you can change the language on it
As far as I know mulit language support for Battlefield 4 includes English, Spanish, French and Brazilian Portuguese... So yes it includes Spanish hope that helps you out.
My son said no it doesn't; you have to buy it.
Yes it does but I'm not sure when it expires
no. it is in English. you could try to contact EA support (easupport.com) or go to battlelog.battlefield.com forums to find out information if a language package might be included in a future patch. gg
yes.
They are just Green . Chroma version has unlimited colors!
The only difference between the backlit and the standard is well backlit! And the difference between the stelth and the greens are the stealth isint clicky
The new razer keyboards have razer switches so the standard has the razer greens and the stealth uses the razer orange
I would say players of any age would find this game incredibly fun. At it's core it is a shooter, but with fun customization and upgrades, I like it more than CoD
Each family members need to have Xbox Gold in order to play online. Since you have it, only you can play XBL. Also make sure the Xbox Gold time in your account is not expired.
No sadly.
No
Yes you do need 2 Xbox live account's to do split screen
Nope- and currently your stats do not transfer
Hi BiuBiu, I can't answer you cause I don't know anything about digital game and its features or disadvantages/ advantages compared with physical game. Sorry.
2 split screen. Haven't tried it personally because I have one controller.
Not universal but can be used in 110 true 220v in my country(turkey) we use 220v and i do not have any problem about that. Great product, you should buy it.
Yes it works in the US, and yes, it will charge your controllers until they are full, then it stops.  I own this item, it works great!
it charges both at the same time:) and it will stop charging one once it's full.
Standard legnth, 6ft.
NO,,  Previous answer is correct
I haven't used any other chargers, so it is hard to compare, but this is my personal observations so far (2 months of use): I have not noticed any decrease in charge capacity after use. Typically mine will charge from 1/3 to full capacity of controler in 1.5 to 2 hours, this doesn't seem to be too fast.
Light is either blue or off on the controller. I know when I first plug it in its an orangish color.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBKGvAB_aJowatch about a minute, and you'll find your answer.well...not the answer you quite wanted, but an answer nonetheless haha
No. You cannot use it to charge the headset.
No it does not.
America.
Unfortunately, No Its Just The System
Depends on how you break it. If it breaks from faulty parts or something similar, it's under warranty by Nintendo. If you take it outside and jump on it and then smash it with a hammer, then no I don't think so. :)
This gaming system can play DS games as well as 3DS games.  All DS games should work in this system.
ours was brand new in the box. yes it has a 1 year warranty
I dont think so
I'm assuming its because not many people purchase this color, so the price is going low so people start buying it. It's not like it's cheaper because its not functional or anything of the sort
It is. I've been playing Dark Souls 2 with this controller on 8.1
My son says his still works and works well.
This is a wired controller.  It is permanently attached to the controller on one end and has a standard USB connector on the other end.
Yes it still will light up and vibrate.
I do not know if i can answer  the question, but check the game settings.
A key for each
no in single player only. No co-op or multiplayer. You might also consider the redux version at this point. It had better graphics and improved gameplay over the original.
Amazon will provide a Steam key for you. :-)
Yes, I have :)
They have an inline Mute swtich, with volume control. There is only one wire leading to the headset.
It's genuine leather and the stitching on the ear cups is superb. Also, the leather is soft to the touch.
Yes.  You will need the Microsoft Stereo Headset adapter that plugs into the controller to get game chat(that goes for any headset).  This headset comes with a 3.5mm headphone adapter that plugs into Microsoft's Headset adapter on the controller and delivers game audio and chat straight from the controller.  This is what I currently use for Xbox One.Xbox One Stereo Headset Adapter
Yes
The headsets are very sturdy.  They are made of quality materials and because they are designed for gaming they are heavier than traditional sets.  The look and feel is outstanding and they are very comfortable (snug) on your ears.  Hope this helps.
I did not get a hard case.
No
No
It's not micro usb ... it's actually smaller & has more pins. It plugs into the SteelSeries usb mini-sound card or one of the included headphone/headset adapters. One with mic & headphone connectors or one combined connector for cellphones/ipods.
I redeemed the code through Steam.
Yes
English
Nope. Windows only.
There are a few instances, especially at the end, where prior knowledge of the Dead Rising universe lore would be helpful for understanding the plot twists. However, you could still play the game and have a great time without prior knowledge of characters or meta plot.
You can only play DR3 on Xbox One and not on the Xbox 360.  This game takes full advantage of the Xbox One's new hardware, especially the Kinect.
yes its a first player so you run around and kill zombies while making new friends
"Well it depend on you. If you really enjoy play ""kill zombies"" or something. I like this game. I not really play this game a lot. I love build new gadget, vehicles, and ETC. If you play deadrising 2 and you like it then you will love deadrising 3. I promise."
Other players can joint your world, or you can join theirs. There is no split screen.
It installs the same amount whether you get a hard copy or a digital. Only difference is you're pulling from a disk rather than downloading it using your Internet speed so it goes faster(unless you have blazing Internet speed). There may be a slight difference, but not enough to choose one or the other.
Yes
Yes you can play with 1,2,3 or 4 players.
Its totally normal, the manual is online
Not sure about the move , Currently the PS4 does not support Sounds of the show because there is no Audio software .
Amazon should email you a code in which you have to input that at the skinit website, the link to that website is also included in the email
I think they please Canadian customers putting the picture of a Canadian player (or a Canadian team, for istance Toronto) on the cover. the game is exactly the same.
I don't believe this or any other game has cross platform play at this time, not 100% sure though.
Yes
If the PS3 has bluetooth function, it can.Just check the PS3 manual or bluetooth icon/logo on the device.
No,  only a small guide in hard copy.
yes
I believe it does.  I actually bought it for my husband to use with his iphone but it should be compatible with any phone that has bluetooth capabilities.
Yes it is useful. But you have to create a psn account from usa.
You could have gotten the option to get it online, this one actually comes to your house.
The expiration date is 1 year from the date you register.
Works on anything. They send the code I think in the mail and you redeem on the playstation store
It works just for one account...
they sent me an actual card
Light stays on when the ps4 is on standby and on mode, only turns off is ps4 is off or if you unplug the usb.
No I never have overheating issues..heat dissipates up so a vent on the bottom wouldn't matter
You should just return, lights should turn on when your ps4 is ON and connected to the USB port.
The stand adds about a half inch to the ps4's height. Approximately 11.25 inches. You should have been taught that measurement is never exact.
No it DOES NOT work with the ps3 console. However there are a lot of blue tooth headsets that are great
Yes it can be used as a Pc headset
yes theoretically that should work just fine but if u buy it and it doesn't i am sure amazon would give you a refund
No just ps4 ps vita and also works with xbox1
No, No, That's cute. What's your cat's name?
The gold edition wireless and I have them now they are more then worth the money
"The options should be ""Chat Only"", which only sends the chat talk, or ""All"" which sends chat plus all game sounds."
Not unless youre testing the mic
Yes it is compatible for a ps4. Yes you can talk and hear the game while playing online you just have to change your settings.
May 6th 2014 in the US
As far as I understand it they've 86'd the 3G feature. WiFi only for the new slim model.
It's cheaper because most of the prices you see over $200 are for people selling them above the MSRP.  The price for both the 3G and Wifi models of the original Vita dropped to $200 a few months ago, but quickly sold out from most places that sell for the typical MSRP; everyone started marking up the price to better match demand.
two players Co-op
Got my e-mail yesterday saying it will be delivered on the 8th so it looks like we have to wait. Not too happy about that.
Yes
No the ps vita is not region locked. Japanese games should work fine
My hope is that Amazon is being cautious and giving themselves a buffer now.  So that when you possibly get it on the 7th you'll be pleasantly surprised.  That being said it sounds like Amazon got their shipments in late so that instead of having them day(s) before release so you get it on release day...now they are all after the date.  That's what is sounded like when I talked to customer service.  Very apologetic but not much they can do.  I have 1 day shipping and it's the 8th for me too.  I also confirmed that they did NOT oversell the preorders.  That was my fear.
Yes, mine worked just fine!
It's black label.
Yes.
ok the difference is its in English not Japanese and the Dark Souls prepare to die edition has all downloads that you need for it so you don't have to spend extra money by the $20 download I hope this answers your question thank you peace
Yes
Yeah, the US release does not have a manual, shame I know, but the game itself shows you detailed instructions for modes and options anyways.
It will, but not all at once. From the EU version, it seems like Campaign Pack 1 (with Shigechi and Kira) is already out, while Campaign Pack 2 will be out May 14, most likely including Fugo and Iggy. It seems like they're going the same route as the JP version did by releasing DLC with their respective campaigns every 2-3 weeks.
Yes it is (sí, lo está)
The Amazon pre-order unfortunately only gives you Shigechi. In order to have gotten Kira DLC you would have had to prs-order from namco bandais website.
Yes, unfortunately a lot of modern games nowadays are trying to push to digital downloads because it is cheaper, that is why there is such a limited copy of ASB, and also why the game has the safety information printed on the cover.
Yes.
I believe that the USB cable is for the controller to be synced to the XBOX when you attach the adapter.
beats and apple head phones don't have a microphone so it probably won't work
Yes I have s gold headset and use it for both consoles. With the ps4 it is completely wireless and with the xbox one you'll need to plug the headset into the controller adaptor, so while for the xbox it's not totally wireless it still requires no connection to the console itself.
It comes with an adapter to go from 2.5 to 3.5mm
The PS4 controller doesn't need it.  There is already a 3.5mm headset jack on the bottom.
Yes it's going to provide audio from any app you open in the xbox one.
No it can not just so they could make extra money on product sales
The only mic volume that you can adjust is the one from other people that are talking to you. I don't know if you can change how loud your mic is though.
The device itself only has 1 3.5mm jack that handles all input and output, so out of the box: No. You would only be able to connect 1 3.5mm cable. However, you may be able to find 3.5mm joiners that can combined the two cables into 1. You have to research and make sure you get an adapter with enough contacts in the right spots to ensure everything gets joined and sent through properly.
yes, the paddle shifters works well in Forza 5
Yes, you can in Forza Horizon 2.  In the CONTROL settings, you have 5 different preset configurations.  It's 'Default Layout 5'
The Ferrari 458 doesn't use a clutch so why would anyone think that this unit should come with one?
This was a present for my 10 year old and decided to get one of those adjustable stands that it mounts too.  It's works well!  You can mount to a desk but it will probably need a base then the base can mount to the desk.  There are pre tapped holes in the bottom for screws to go into.
The instruction manual that came with the wheel should tell you how to re-calibrate it, but if you don't have it, here is the link to Thrustmasters website and the pdf file for the instruction manual to troubleshoot and re calibrate the Ferrari 458 Spider wheel for Xbox One. Only the first half of the first page is the english instructions, all the rest of the file is for other languages. You will have to enlarge it in order to read it. Hope this helps. http://ts.thrustmaster.com/download/accessories/Manuals/Ferrari_458_Spider/F458_Spider_User_Manual.pdf
No, it's for an xbox one
IT work real good  but real sensitive
Yes
Having problems with the gas pedal as well. If it doesn't start working as advertised, Im sending it back.
Don't mind these guys, they haven't done their research. The TP3A pedals work (as confirmed by Thrustmaster themselves), but the TH8A shifter does not as it requires a certain port that is only on the Thrustmaster TX. The TH8A does come with a USB cable but it will not work through the USB ports of the Xbox One. Hope I was of some help!
No!  The 3DS game cartridge is totally different than the 2DS.  A 3DS game will NOT fit into a 2DS system.  You can play a 2DS game on a 3DS, but not the reverse.
honestly no it shouldn't because depends if you girl will take care of it because I am 23 years old and I have 10 model trains
You can't unfortunately. The 3DS cartridge has a little notch that prevents it from fitting into older systems
Nicknames are used whenever a Mii is referred to. Only when a Mii is hosting a news program or is one of the interview subjects is their full name used or spoken, so use nicknames you don't mind hearing a lot!
Nah, you'll be alright
all games are able to restart and be able to create new games. So yes you will be able to make a new game.
Yes, definitely! There are several little mini games you can play with your Miis that I'm sure a ten year old would have fun with. The Miis do get together and date, get married, and have children. But nothing is ever really shown save for the couple having little hearts floating over their heads when they're around another. And children just appear after the couple asks if it's okay for them to have a baby. I would recommend this for any child :)
You can make the kids share a game, but I don't think they'll be very happy with you. Each copy of the game only has one save file on it, meaning only one person can make a seperate game. I'd say you either chip in and buy the three copies of the game, get them used for a lower price, or have the kids fight over which miis get to have certain outfits. Your choice.
Yes, but don't buy it because Homeworld 1 and 2 coming out later this year remastered, and they will work on any modern PC.
I've had no problems with it working on my Dell lap top using windows 7.
yes with some adjustments but you can get it to work.
Hi. I believe that the combatstick could be used as it only requires a usb port and the companies software however I would  e-mail CH products and inquire just to be on the save side. Also, this product has no twist grip feature so that would also be a consideration.
Yes. I used it like that until I bought a separate throttle. You'll want to be sure and make sure the throttle wheel is calibrated each time you fire up the machine because mine jumps around a bit, or build dead zone in the axis extremes to reduce throttle sensitivities in those areas.
No
Ch should work with all library drivers-if not call CH in calif and get them
I would guess that it does, but I don't know personally. It works with IL-2 Sturmovik: 1946, which is why I bought it originally. Great stick.
"There's some conflicts in these answers, so let me straighten things up. The Fighter replaces two push buttons with one 4-way hat and one 2-way hat. Other than that the Combat and Fighter stick are identical. They both have a throttle wheel left of the stick, and built in trim wheels for the x and y axes. Trim is a bit troubling on most sticks since you don't get the feedback on the controls as less stick pressure is required. Don't think that this makes this stick bad since any sim that has trim has this drawback unless you have a force-feedback stick that simulates this (those are almost impossible to find.) The extra hats are great for modern jet study sims, but if you are into games like IL-2, there are normally enough buttons. On the otherhand you can map a ton of functions to all the extra contols, and adding a throttle that has a lot of buttons means you may not even touch your keyboard ingame. The Fighterstick tends to be at least 20 bucks more, so if you want the extra functionality, that's the price.



    There's some conflicts in these answers, so let me straighten things up. The Fighter replaces two push buttons with one 4-way hat and one 2-way hat. Other than that the Combat and Fighter stick are identical. They both have a throttle wheel left of the stick, and built in trim wheels for the x and y axes. Trim is a bit troubling on most sticks since you don't get the feedback on the controls as less stick pressure is required. Don't think that this makes this stick bad since any sim that has trim has this drawback unless you have a force-feedback stick that simulates this (those are almost...
      » 
Read More


   There's some conflicts in these answers, so let me straighten things up. The Fighter replaces two push buttons with one 4-way hat and one 2-way hat. Other than that the Combat and Fighter stick are identical. They both have a throttle wheel left of the stick, and built in trim wheels for the x and y axes. Trim is a bit troubling on most sticks since you don't get the feedback on the controls as less stick pressure is required. Don't think that this makes this stick bad since any sim that has trim has this drawback unless you have a force-feedback stick that simulates this (those are almost impossible to find.) The extra hats are great for modern jet study sims, but if you are into games like IL-2, there are normally enough buttons. On the otherhand you can map a ton of functions to all the extra contols, and adding a throttle that has a lot of buttons means you may not even touch your keyboard ingame. The Fighterstick tends to be at least 20 bucks more, so if you want the extra functionality, that's the price.
      « 

Show Less"
"Hi I just checked my mail : CH Products In my experience thus far has out of the Box worked w/every OS I have had most recent PC-Win Ultimate 7.  This said, It should work fine.  We all know that there are exceptions to every rule.  This is ""Y"" They created Technical Support.  'Nuff said here.  Best Flying.  Scott ~"
Sorry I have no personal experience here.  I would Google this Question !  Best of Luck
Not a bagpipe, though mostly hot air.
I just finished a puzzle an hour ago and I can tell you that it works fine on Win8.0, I have not upgraded to 8.1 yet. I hope this answers your question.
Yes it will wook on windows 7
i'm using Microsoft 7, no idea about vista, might be worth a shot, but I love the puzzles.
Hello, sorry for delay. Perhaps you can run it without problems, but it is a old game. I couldnt used it. I recommend you to buy some more new.
Yes, it does.  However, it will require you to run it in compatibility mode and make some other changes to get it to work without crashing. See: http://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/165797/kotor-2-freezes-on-movies for the fix.
"I'm not sure what you mean my ""free roam"" but you do have to be a jedi or a sith.  You can also be a ""gray jedi"" which is basically in-between, and you'll get some different dialog and benefits/penalties for that as well."
Yes
Don't see why it wouldn't.  I have one, and use it with Project 64, ZSnes, ROCKnes, Kega Fusion, Chanka, and others all the time with no problems.  It's d-pad is ok for a standard cross type.  But I have an older Thrustmaster Firestorm Dual Power 3, and I think it's dpad is more comfortable.  Lots of luck finding one though--like I said, they're older gamepads, and getting hard to find now.
I have windows 7 64bit, running Intel i7 extreme processor.i really wonder if there is any controller tested that can work on windows  64bit!!!!appriecate your output
Only used it a couple times. It's not compatible with all my games. And that was over 4 years ago
You need the software disc for apple lioaded on your computer:)
Here is a list of Mac compatible Logitech Gamepads: Cordless Rumblepad (G-RA4A)Cordless Rumblepad 2(G-RC14)Dual Action (G-UF13A, G-UD8)Precision USB (G-UG15)Wingman Precision (USB) (G-UC3B)check this link http://forums.logitech.com/t5/Logitech-G-Controllers/Gamepad-f310-Mac-Compatibility-how-to-install-on-a-Mac/td-p/529274/page/2
Doom might not be compatible with it.  Are you on a Mac or PC?
This controller does work on Mac through USB. I have a 2006 MacBook and this controller works great. The wireless receiver plugs into your USB port. The Mac recognized the controller automatically and that was that!
it worked for me with most emulators i played on mac. specifically there was a super nintendo one... forgot the name of it, but it worked splendidly on that. never got it to work with any playstation emus. also look into gamepad companion
Yes
yes to both.  no need to rotate.  If I recall they even click together and stay put together.  You can have a shadow like photo in the puzzle field to help place your pieces or you can have a small box/window up of the photo being worked on.
Yes, click on open on the drop down menu (file) first, then you will be asked if you want to save your current puzzle. After you answer you will be taken to the multiple lines of puzzle choices by theme.
It's the XBOX live code, once used, it's no longer a good code, it's just for 12 months, with one month extra.
No, the card counts towards your profile and not the specific console, so one card is all you need
My friends tell me the same cards work for both, so yes, this worked for me.
This particular one is a physical card.  If you want a digital code, go here- Xbox Live 12 Month Gold Membership [Online Game Code]
as long as there is a code on the back it is, it's either 16 or 20 digits use edge of coin to reveal it. Good luck!
"Yes, it is just a subscription to Microsoft's ""Live"" on-line access."
Yes it is.  Here is the link for the drivers:http://download.microsoft.com/download/6/9/4/69446ACF-E625-4CCF-8F56-58B589934CD3/Xbox360_64Eng.exe
I don't have mine yet but from what I've read, most games will be compatible. Many newer games are even being made with this specific controller in mind so that helps.
They're the real deal, no worries.
Yes
It is an analog sick and the switches are membrane
No.  Also it is not compatible with home consoles.  Windows only.  I must note you that the Saitek Cyborg is much old and outdated now, discontinued by Saitek before PS4 time.  I suggest you to look up on Razer Orbweaver Elite.
Against the older Razer gamepads based on the Nostromo design, this is a MUCH better game pad. It is very comfortable and responsive. The software is a little more difficult to use, but its easy enough if take your time and experiment with the setup. I cannot comment on the newer Razer Orbweaver/Tartarus, as I have not used them. However, they still look similar to the Nostromo designed pads.
It worked on my Windows 7 computer.  I haven't tried it on 8.1 yet.
No product key is assigned to each software it will either not complete the installation or crash upon use sorry have tried with other products
"Full installation; but, this version is for use on XP machines ---> doesn't work on modern Windoze boxes --- need version specific to -7 or -8 and/or -64 bit, if using those machines.  Install this version on newer machines and computer will respond with, ""Are you talking to me?"""
I don't know, I run the program with windows
Yes
my copy was a cd and would not work with windows 7, it helps if you use some kind of joystick as you can get behind the helicopter using a keyboard, hope that helps
I have heard that some Mac's can run Windows. So, unless your Mac is running Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8, I would have to say no.
"Should run fine, graphics may be a little ""off"", as in detail/resolution. Would recommend a check with MS's website to see if any ""patches"" are required for Win 8.1."
Perfect For Project M , I Got This Very SD Card Just For It And Works Fine
No. Definitely not. Regular SD. Not SDHC
Mine came in that hard-to-open, melted-together, too-big-for-the-product plastic packaging.
That's great!
I bought this for PC use after reading some reviews. It worked on Win7 x64 for a while, but lately I've been getting error codes from it in both Windows and Linux. I finally gave up and am no longer using it, so I would advise avoiding it if you primarily intend to use it for PC. Also, it doesn't have rumble support in Windows.
I assume so because it works all my ps1 and ps2 controllers but I've never tried a dualshock 1
yes ,but I haven't pinpointed the driver you will need.
Yes because the guitar is essentially a controller in the shape of a guitar.
Never had guitar hero, myself. Idk.
sorry, I don't remember; I just played solitaire and I no longer use the Hoyle card games
Yes it does.
My laptop is a HP; windows 7.  Hope this info is helpful.  Have a Great Day!
Yes, it works on windows 7!
It is a physical copy
I do not know if it works with Window 8.  I have Window 7 on my pc.  Sorry.    Harold
Yes.
don't use mac my os is windows and it works ok on it.
If you're going to purchase it from Steam, then obviousy yes. If you purchase it from Amazon, no. I purchased the download version of MTW II . No Steam required, even in disk format.
Yes.  Perfectly fine.
Yes
I don't know
Not within the game itself.
"CPU:	 Pentium 4/Athlon XPCPU Speed:	 2.4 GHzRAM:	 1 GBOS:	 English version of Microsoft Windows 2000/XP.Video Card:	 100% compatible DirectX 9.0c 256 MB Hardware Accelerated video card with Shader 2 support and the latest drivers (NVIDIA GeForce 6800+DirectX version:	 9.0cSound Card:	 YesFree Disk Space:	 11.0 Gigs of uncompressed free hard disk spaceDVD-ROM:	 8x Speed DVD-ROM drive (1200KB/sec sustained transfer rate) and latest drivers"
Yes, it contains Medival 2 total war, and the 4 dlc packs.
yes runs fine on windows 7, I'm on 7 home premium, using a 64 bit system, and it runs great with no problems
The instructions say it runs on XP, Vista and Windows 7. It runs fine on Vista.
Should work with XP but I don't know about windows 8.
"If you get crown buttons from ettoki you don't have to modify the holes. You can use a sanwa joystick, but most mayflash units require you to cut the sanwa pcb (it's ok you direct solder the switches). Also, you have to either Dremel the joystick screw holes or buy smaller screws. Ettoki is awesome, he sells everything, smaller joystick screws, wiring harnesses, joystick, and buttons (crown and sanwa). I ended up only using the mayflash chip and threw it into a tek innovations custom acrylic case since my mayflash stick started peeling and the case itself was a little small and my hand fell over the side if I went crazy on the stick.



    If you get crown buttons from ettoki you don't have to modify the holes. You can use a sanwa joystick, but most mayflash units require you to cut the sanwa pcb (it's ok you direct solder the switches). Also, you have to either Dremel the joystick screw holes or buy smaller screws. Ettoki is awesome, he sells everything, smaller joystick screws, wiring harnesses, joystick, and buttons (crown and sanwa). I ended up only using the mayflash chip and threw it into a tek innovations custom acrylic case since my mayflash stick started peeling and the case itself was a little small and my hand fell...
      » 
Read More


   If you get crown buttons from ettoki you don't have to modify the holes. You can use a sanwa joystick, but most mayflash units require you to cut the sanwa pcb (it's ok you direct solder the switches). Also, you have to either Dremel the joystick screw holes or buy smaller screws. Ettoki is awesome, he sells everything, smaller joystick screws, wiring harnesses, joystick, and buttons (crown and sanwa). I ended up only using the mayflash chip and threw it into a tek innovations custom acrylic case since my mayflash stick started peeling and the case itself was a little small and my hand fell over the side if I went crazy on the stick.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it will. you may need to use the tab menu to map the inputs to the stick, but it will work. Here are details on tab setup. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4dNttZbCHE&list;=PL0CABFEF11F175A7A
Yes works out of the box. Installation cd is included, but I didn't need it. PC recognized it right away.
Yes.
Yes, I have on both. Works fine!
With the PS3 component just being a lazy solder of a controller board, chances are it won't. PS4 dropped compatibility with the PS3 USB and controller.http://www.ign.com/wikis/playstation-4/PS4_Compatible_PS3_DevicesIf you want my advice, spring for a new controller or better stick. After about 8 months of use this thing finally broke down.
It comes with a USB Plug and a PS2 Plug.
Only with a controller adapter bro
"Did you buy a physical ""DVD"" game or did you by a download game? I have the physical DVD game and I do not need to use the disc (after initial installation) to play the game. I purchased it this way intentionally because some of the online downloaded games have to be run through an online server like Steam and there fore can only be played while you are on line (WIFI connected) and I use my laptop while traveling and seldom have a WIFI connection. Since you don't have an internal DVD player your options would be to buy an external USB player (they can be very inexpensive, from 19.99 up) to download a physical DVD of the game or buy an on line downloadable version.



    Did you buy a physical ""DVD"" game or did you by a download game? I have the physical DVD game and I do not need to use the disc (after initial installation) to play the game. I purchased it this way intentionally because some of the online downloaded games have to be run through an online server like Steam and there fore can only be played while you are on line (WIFI connected) and I use my laptop while traveling and seldom have a WIFI connection. Since you don't have an internal DVD player your options would be to buy an external USB player (they can be very inexpensive, from...
      » 
Read More


   Did you buy a physical ""DVD"" game or did you by a download game? I have the physical DVD game and I do not need to use the disc (after initial installation) to play the game. I purchased it this way intentionally because some of the online downloaded games have to be run through an online server like Steam and there fore can only be played while you are on line (WIFI connected) and I use my laptop while traveling and seldom have a WIFI connection. Since you don't have an internal DVD player your options would be to buy an external USB player (they can be very inexpensive, from 19.99 up) to download a physical DVD of the game or buy an on line downloadable version.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes works well
There is no code. You literally just pop the disc in and install. However, any saves made with the steam version are compatible. I played the steam demo of torchlight, and then deleted the demo. The installer found the remaining nested directory within the steam folder and installed it there, allowing me to pick up where my character originally left off. Personally, I prefer a steam-free experience when possible. You can always add a link to this version through the add feature in steam client. However, you cannot add this version to your steam account.
All games have the platforms they are designed for plainly visible on their covers. Some might say Mac and PC some just PC.  X-box and other console systems have their own unique platforms and manufacturers will specify those that will play another's platform in their instructions.The Torchlight game I purchased and is pictured here is for PC only.
if you got a 360 you could probably see if they got a version through through xbox live and download it.
"What do you mean by this ""Hello, The model is CECHE01. This thing only lasted 3 months after I got it. Thanks"""
This tells it all!  https://support.us.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/232
1
This console is not backwards compatible, in fact the only PS3 that ever was, was one of the first units made, a 60Gig unit.  It was only backwards compatible compatible with PS2.  I had one of those for years, it finally died when a visiting dog decided to urinate on it!  All PS3s have build in wifi and hdmi output.
I've had mine since 2008 and it still works fine.
No
yes, I have a 3ds XL and it works fine.
Not really sure but it's not likely that you would be getting a pirated copy if you get it at a reliable sources or website, but if you're not sure don't take the risk just trust your gut.
Yes
No multiplayer. It wouldn't really make sense for this game
It is a port of the PS1 version, which should have all the endings, as well cinematic and some bonus features.
Yes it is. They have some new dungeons and features you can use with the touch screen but you can shut that off.
It does. 3DS is backwards-compatible, and plays all Nintendo DS games.
Unfortunately, there is no Spanish in this.
It works in my european DS Lite. The DS games don't have region lock. It should work in your european 3DS.
Yes
My son is the one who use card as my christmas gift so i will ask him but its only the Registration is the difference but the manufacturer is still the same it may still be working. What you can do ask some info around in there. It will a lot  compare i live in canada so don't have much idea about it.
the only difference I see is the price, it costs 57 black and blue 49.99
No, delivery is through the postal system. It is a physical card with a code on it. The picture is an actual picture of the card.
Yes, you can use it anywhere in the world, however only on the US playstation store.
Yes, is the better (almost the only) way!
Yes yes it does. The PSN es network agnostic so funds will be seen by your account and all the devices registered to it.
I would think so. I download to my kindle. It s a playrix game and on Amazon you can get it for your Ipad. Have fun with it. Love the game
yes it does
Yes, it does work
Yes!
Even though the cover says it is only for XP and Vista, it runs on both Windows 7 & 8.
The games are actually on the discs, they are to my knowledge the full game.
I am not sure but it does have settings for you too customize it for your own use or kids use.
Windows Vista / XP Only
Mystery Cookbook, Alabama Smith, Treasure Masters, Heroes of Hellas, Pet Show Craze, Farm Frenzy 2, Beach Party Craze, Supermarket Mania, Fashion Craze, Jewel Quest, Mystery of the Bermuda Triangle, Natalie Brooks, others.  Heroes of Hellas is my favorite.  Mostly hidden object games.
yes
Can't say for sure as I still use Vista but I would assume that Windows 8 has the ability to use earlier forms of Windows for earlier software programs.  Good luck!
I read somewhere that the cause for this is the glue used on the switch gumming up the knob. My fix is this: (1.) remove the plastic knob (2.) heat up the metal post on which the knob fits on with a lighter to melt off the glue (3.) use a drop of mineral oil or contact cleaner to lubricate the knob. This worked fine for me on a Saitek switch panel.
The Flap lever is a two position momentary switch that steps through the flap positions available for the aircraft in use.  In this sense it is very similar to what you would set in the real aircraft and makes the control more realistic.  Select either flaps movement upward or downward.
Yes, you must download the Saitek plugins from X-plane.org and put them in your plugins folder in X-plane.  You may have to turn the plugins on.
You have to download a plug-in from X-plane.org.  Install in plug-in folder.  Activate the plug-in.
Provided the computer is powered on, my mini-screen displays a dull red glow. Once I start MS-FLTSIM X, a test follows and then it displays what it's supposed to.
I doubt there will be conflict between the two. I once had two controls for the flaps, one on the panel, one on the throttle quadrant. You'd just have two controls for one thing. Plus in Flight Sim it splits the different controllers into categories, so it may do that for your wheel.
Yes, just go to Saitek's web site and contact them.
Yes mine did but it was very easy. Install the disk and device with the disk. Go to www.saitek.com click on downloads on the top bar, click on software, then select the product Pro Flight Range from the drop down, then select the Pro Flight Multi Panel from the next drop down. Then select the type of OS 32 or 64. Finally select driver download and make sure you click save then you are ready to go. You can also get the Drivers for X Plane 9 and 10 here on the same site and page. IF you need to update more than just select make another selection on the same page.
Yes they work on the mac...I used them for X-Plane on a mac a couple of years back and they worked wonderfully...but please visit this thread...and use the link on the posts there for the plugin...you might have to use the plug in.http://forums.pilotedge.net/viewtopic.php?f=3&t;=886you will find the plugins here http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile;=14646-cheers
I use it on my pc, allowing me to go in to the calibration of the controller which allows me to insert the axis if needed.   I don't have any experience with ps3 so I wouldn't be able to help out much there.
The controller lets you swap any two buttons on the fly.  You press a button, then press the two you want to swap.
Haven't found the driver for it.
This use 2 AAA batteries, yes you can use rechargeables ones to save money.
the triggers are very good and have lots of spring to them, I love this gamepad for my laptop when im on the road
Yes
I bought a stylus at K Mart and since then I've seen them at Walmart and even Dollar Tree and my daughter-in-law bought one at Toys R Us I think.Julia
The outside cover of this DSi is a bronze color.
"I'd say yes, especially if you are a fan of the series. It's pretty much on par with Gears 3 as far as graphics game play etc. I too only purchased it for the campaign mode. One thing judgement has is; you'll come to a variety of different types of side/bonus missions that are optional during the campaign. You'll know when you come to them, because there will be a red gears emblem on the wall, and they aren't hard to find. Walk up to it and you can either accept or deny if you want to play it. It's kinda like horde mode on online. You and the crew have to face usually two waves of various types of enemies. So it's kind of like a run and gun type of affair. You'll earn stars, badges, etc for completing/doing various things when playing them. So that adds to the campaign as well. I am very pleased with my purchase. I've only completed the first few chapters; because I bought 7 other games at the time. So I have a lot of love to spread around, lol. Another recommendation that I have for you is Tomb Raider if you haven't played it already. That's where most of my gaming time is spent. It's a very good game, and I highly recommend it. I'm playing it on the ps3 however. I would definitely recommend Gears judgment as well since you are a fan of the series. I noticed the other answers were short, so I tried to provide additional information to help you out with your decision. Hope this helps with determining whether you purchase it or not. You won't be disappointed though...



    I'd say yes, especially if you are a fan of the series. It's pretty much on par with Gears 3 as far as graphics game play etc. I too only purchased it for the campaign mode. One thing judgement has is; you'll come to a variety of different types of side/bonus missions that are optional during the campaign. You'll know when you come to them, because there will be a red gears emblem on the wall, and they aren't hard to find. Walk up to it and you can either accept or deny if you want to play it. It's kinda like horde mode on online. You and the crew have to face usually two waves of various...
      » 
Read More


   I'd say yes, especially if you are a fan of the series. It's pretty much on par with Gears 3 as far as graphics game play etc. I too only purchased it for the campaign mode. One thing judgement has is; you'll come to a variety of different types of side/bonus missions that are optional during the campaign. You'll know when you come to them, because there will be a red gears emblem on the wall, and they aren't hard to find. Walk up to it and you can either accept or deny if you want to play it. It's kinda like horde mode on online. You and the crew have to face usually two waves of various types of enemies. So it's kind of like a run and gun type of affair. You'll earn stars, badges, etc for completing/doing various things when playing them. So that adds to the campaign as well. I am very pleased with my purchase. I've only completed the first few chapters; because I bought 7 other games at the time. So I have a lot of love to spread around, lol. Another recommendation that I have for you is Tomb Raider if you haven't played it already. That's where most of my gaming time is spent. It's a very good game, and I highly recommend it. I'm playing it on the ps3 however. I would definitely recommend Gears judgment as well since you are a fan of the series. I noticed the other answers were short, so I tried to provide additional information to help you out with your decision. Hope this helps with determining whether you purchase it or not. You won't be disappointed though...
      « 

Show Less"
Not necessarily. For this game, as long as you have the room for saving the content, then it'll play smoothly for you. :]
Yes. Good story line. Kicks butt as much as others.
Yes
I will say yes but I am honestly guessing.  I haven't played  it for a while.
Yes it does. Trust me.
Yes
I'm not familiar with their the Logitech gaming framework. But with the set point driver installed you can customize an unlimited amount of profiles saved on your computer and the profile will be loaded for whichever program has focus. if the program does not have a profile the general profile is used.  this all happens on the fly behind the scenes.
it has programmable buttons which I assume could be used for that....but I'm not 100% certain.
G500 without the Weight Cartridge tray is 161 g (5.68 ounce) and with the Weight Cartridge tray empty is 164 g (5.78 ounce). G500 technical specs: http://logitech-en-amr.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/14191
I don't feel it's all that loud but if you are gaming and repeatedly mashing the mouse button hard and fast in a completely silent house I am sure that it could disrupt someone from sleep but I think most mice would do that.  This has been my all time fave mouse I have bought 4 of them and been the most happy with both the shape and the way you can weight it to be the right feel for you.
The cable is 2 meters (6.6 ft) long, and is braided.  It looks nice.
According to Logitech's own website, they completely support your mouse on the Windows 8 platform (source: http://logitech-en-amr.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/32425#Mice)You would program your mouse's macro buttons using the 'Mouse and Keyboard Settings' program that comes with the Logitech drivers package. The program may also be called and titled, 'Logitech SetPoint'.
nope, ive used it directly to the motherboard
well, of course, many popular YouTubers play this game, such as: PewdiePie,jacksepticeye,Markiplierm,TheGamingLemon, and many more YouTubers.
No, there's really no story to the Skate series, just better gameplay and graphics. I'd say it would be great for you to skip the first two games and decide on Skate 3 instead. It's a great game, and definitely better than the other games!
There is no difference.
Skate 2?
"Why is this game rated ""T"" for Teen? I think it's because there's minor swearing with words like 'hell' and 'damn'. There's also mild violence, crude humor, drug references from time to time, and suggestive themes. (I got those off the back of game where it says what you can expect to see in the game.) Hope this helps! :)"
I think its ok.
Yes
Both
There is no story line to follow.  Skate 3 has better graphics and more detail.  My advice--spend your $40 on Skate 3.
"By default, the button on the left is treated as ""right click"" and the button on the right is treated as ""left click"" (so backwards from a traditional moue).  With the Razer software you can set up a profile to auto load that switches this, sensetivity, macros, etc."
5(L) x 2.76(W) x 1.73(H) in / 127x70x44 mm
If it is for gaming you dont want a wireless mouse, buy an original deathadder they are actually really nice.
might a bit too heavy for graphic design. I find that playing with this kind of mouse for hours tires my hands a bit.
This is a right handed mouse, not a left handed.
In all honesty I don't think it would be ideal, because your side buttons are to the left of the mouse. Therefore, you would have to slide and bend your ring finger in a seemingly uncomfortable position to effectively press them. Good news, though! There is a left-handed edition of the Razer Deathadder, which should fit your needs just fine:Razer DeathAdder 3500 PC Gaming Mouse - Left Hand Edition
Yes. The mouse wheel and logo do light up.
Nothing, cuz it is not 90 bucks...
four, two in black and two in blue.
Yes they do I bought them specifically for my ps4 controllers and they fit just right
No it would not. To big.
yes my friend They are great and fit perfect You will definetly note the difference
They fit very snug, almost too tight. But once on they don't have much slippage off the joystick.
Yes they should. My Ds4's one stick is torn off and these fit well enough. Does the job. They are not full fit but doesn't matter much.
Sure do!
If the game cartridges allow it, then yes.
No, but you can use the 2 controllers that come with it.
Just get the red, white & yellow wires, unless you're trying to connect it to a digital tv, then you'd probably need the RF Adaptor
Not good at all. Plus the console played less than 20% of my games.
Yes
No
Yes
As a matter of fact, it does =)
Yes, and while some dlc codes aren't guarenteed, there's still lots of stuff for you to do. :)
So, sorry but when bough this item was for my nephew and I don't know about this video. sorry.
Yes it does.
Yes
There is free drive, where you can just drive with your friends, but it's not an open world.
This would be perfect for your kids. I understand your concern and can assure you,  none of that material is found anywhere in this game
This is the regular edition
It is the complete game with all standard cars and tracks, when I ordered I received the American Muscle DLC pack, September Penzoil DLC pack and the 2013 SRT Viper GTS-R for free. All the other DLC's you will have to pay for.
Sorry I can't help you there, I dont have a Kinect.Try cheat code central, there are a ton of experienced users there.
Yes they are but if u are playing fps games I don't suggest this controller the gun shoots way after u let go of the trigger just a heads up
What I do is plug it in to a usb plug next  me but then that idk
GameStop or a game store
No its wireless make sure the sensor is properly plugged in to the usb port, it may also just need to be charged
No. As a owner if this not so great product. It doesn't charge fully and you can't disconnect it. The arrow buttons are disfunctioal. Sorry if I don't help by telling you this.
nope.
I am sorry but I don't know the answer to that question.
The disks are inserted just below the PS logo, and above the open/eject button. Look at a close up of the picture and you can see it. It is NOT like the XBox where a tray comes out, the disk gets inserted into the slot. Much better that way, won't have disk repair problems like XBox does. Hope that answers your question!
3.55 was a long time ago, I believe it was the first major geohot  exploitable firmware but to get one of those you'd have to buy one that specifically has one. You can downgrade to 3.55 on certain firmwares but not the current one
Firware?
If you download them from the playstation store, then yes, i believe so. The store may not carry the games you want, however. Otherwise, i do not believe the system is backwards compatible. Therefore it cant play the disks.
It's a 2009 model and Idk about the other part.
You will need 2 accounts. Doesnt matter if they have a xbox 360 or an xbox one. If they both want to have their own profile and play at the same time they need to have an account
We got the headset, the keypad, 400 Microsoft points, and a year subscription to xbox. Great deal.
It should be on a 1 page sheet of glossy paper, or on a thicker green card
It would be under the account of the user, nothing to do with online access.
Yes, a single account serves on both consoles. This headset will not work on the Xbox One nor will the keyboard.
Just to buy it... It's an attachment for the hand controller of your Xbox 360 so you can text faster it comes with a one year subscription to Xbox live and very basic headset.
They need to be plugged in you XBOX 360 controllerSo if your controller is wireless then yes
The micropoints for the xbox 360 will convert to real money and I don't know how much but I am pretty sure it will still work for you to buy some arcade games, music, videos, etc. If you buy this product you will be very satisfied once you get it. No need to worry about the microsoft points that will be convert to real money so theres no change since the Microsoft has change the points to real money.
3rd person.
No there is a lot of older versions of this game
The gameplay is nearly identical.
There's blood and gore, intense violence, and strong language. That's why I believe it's rated M for mature
No it is for the PS3
It does have gore in it.  If I remember correctly there is not a lot of  cursing.  It is not for a younger child. There is no nudity or lewdness. But there is a lot of killing.
It says it requieres 5.2 MB
You do not, this is a reboot of the franchise and this game is the origin story for Lara.
Sorry i dont know any.
I have this game in english with no spanish subtitle .
They only make one version. It will both work with a pc and a ps3.
I apologize I don't have the link here at the moment. But Sony did confirm that the T500RS, T80, and soon to release T300 are compatible with both PS3 and PS4. The T300 and T80 have switches for PS3 and PS4 modes, as well as Share button for PS4.Even though it doesn't have the PS4 buttons, it is so far the only PS3 wheel that works with PS4.
I don't a PS4 but it works fine with the PS3. It should work just fine.
Course! But they haven't authorized partners there, so you must send it to US or Europe to fix. Anyway, the T500RS is the best for your pocket.
A google search for this answer will be your friend.
Hey bro, the new T500RS is very good, really strong and very quiet. You can trust!
Much better than the T300
All answers to these types of questions can be found right on Thrustmaster's website:http://ts.thrustmaster.com/eng/index.php?pg=view_files&gid;=3&fid;=15&pid;=317&cid;=12
GT6 version when I got mine. There is no difference except packaging and different cooling vents on top.
We had a similar problem with a non-Nintendo brand remote.  You have to open the flap on the front of the wii, press the red button on the wii, release it and then press the button inside the remote.  It should start flashing and then light up the as your secondary remote.  If your master remote loses it's mind, do the same thing -- press the red button on the wii unit, release it and then press the button inside the remote.
Yes
No
No this is an aftermarket unit.  It vibrates a lot and does not work well with the rechargeable battery
Yes
yes it does
I log into the origin servers, but it did not appear to be required.
No subscription required!
They need to be on the same device, console or pc, as far as I know. Both of mine are on the same.
no
Yes.  This is a single player game, where you can control the individuals in your party.
Yes
No
I don't know I ended up buying it for for the ps3. I got tired of the pause play on the pc.
Mostly running. Not nearly as much stopping as some of the other recent (bad)games. All in all they pretty much got it right here and it pretty much runs smoothly the entire game. Not much story (nothing like sonic adventure) and not so many annoying enemies. A great game!
Hi Adam, NO, this game is for only 1 player.
..If you have a ps3..I don't see why not
Actually this is kind of like a compilation of a few levels from all generations of Sonic games, though it includes classic Sonic the hedgehog as an unlockable. If you are looking for classics id recommend Sonic Genesis Collection on PS3 I dont hace it yet but I've read it has all of the genisis classics including Sonic and Knuckles.
Yes
only on ps3/ 360
I do not know I bought it as a Christmas gift for my kids so they haven't played it yet.
PS4 is not backwards-compatible with PS3 disc-based games. They are planning to offer bunch of PS3 titles streaming, however, through Playstation Now.
Yes, and navigator too.
Hey man, I dont know for that game. Actually I use the wheel for play little big planet karting and I use two. One for me and one for my daughter and works great. Sorry if i dont answer your exactly question.
Compatible.
Yes
no
Yes, very well.
Yes
Upon searching game facts for Forza Horizon, we found that you can upgrade cars but cannot tune cars.  Thank you kindly and have a great day.
Yes
Yes
Yes
No the second game has better graphics and better cars.
Yes; I got for it for use with X-Plane 10 on a MacBook Pro Retina running Mavericks.
The answer is nope it does not change the feel on the yoke based on airspeed. I found it great and it help me a lot in my training but is not the same as real flying, but pretty close.
"Hi Tom:Your table should fit.The yoke is 11"" wide, 10"" depth, and clamp undernearth table can go down 3"", so table thickness shouldn't be problem;The throttle 3 and a half inches wide, 4"" depth, clamp same up to 3"";Your table is big enough to put the Trim later on;18.8 x 8.5 x 15.7 inches you mentioned is the box size, actual system is much smaller;Hope it helps!Lucas"
I use it for switching view modes in FSX (virtual cockpit / 2-d panel / outside)
NO PROBLEM! Though on a side note, I have had better luck using the windows update drivers for these things than the provided software. fwiw
Not sure about MBP, however I do have Win 7 with FSX installed on my Early 2013 iMac via bootcamp. Everything works great.
I do not use Windows 8. The yoke works well with Windows 7.
I don't know, Tom K. My controls are mounted on the computer table.
"The Yoke has multiple thumb rocker switches. One of those could certainly be mapped to ""trim up"" and ""trim down"", but it's push button trim and not a continuous function like a wheel. There's nothing that would logically or even remotely map to a rudder function."
I doesnt use a power cable. Just a USB included
Blackjack, Bridge, Canasta, Crazy Eights, Cribbage, Euchre, Gin, Go Fish, Hearts, Memory Match, Old Maid, Pinochle, Pitch, Poker, Rummy 500, Skat, Solitaire, Spades, Spite & Malice, Tuxedo, War. Hope this helps.
I wouldn't see why not.  I threw mine away I did not like it...
Yes
I am sorry to say I do NOT know. I can NOT get it to work on windows 7. I had their 2007 version on my windows XP and loved it...plus this new version wants to add a whole bunch of extra stuff on your computer (which really slowed my computer down. and I can't get rid of it) which really irritates me....according to what is says on the box, YES...it is suppose to have bridge. if you could find a bridge game from some other outfit. I would not waste my money on this one....I hope that helped you. and have a nice day. James
no
I have mine loaded on my computer and play it that way.  I do not know whether you can play it any other way.
No, it doesn't. I'm sorry.
"I don't know what pitch is.I was so disgusted with the Encore /Hoyle that I threw it in the trash after a few hours. I purchased Warfield's Pretty Good solitaire. Love it. Amazon has it. Hundreds of solitaire games! Just the card games. No characters to create. Just play cards! You have many choices as to how to move your cards. You can Drag them or right click to  play the cards and It will make the move for you . If you right click and it were to ever place  a card in a place other than where you meant - just undo. Undo and redo any move as many times as you want. There is a game called pitchfork in pretty good solitaire. never played it. Oh, and you can create your own solitaire games with the product. I am not that advanced.



    I don't know what pitch is.I was so disgusted with the Encore /Hoyle that I threw it in the trash after a few hours. I purchased Warfield's Pretty Good solitaire. Love it. Amazon has it. Hundreds of solitaire games! Just the card games. No characters to create. Just play cards! You have many choices as to how to move your cards. You can Drag them or right click to play the cards and It will make the move for you . If you right click and it were to ever place a card in a place other than where you meant - just undo. Undo and redo any move as many times as you want. There is a game called...
      » 
Read More


   I don't know what pitch is.I was so disgusted with the Encore /Hoyle that I threw it in the trash after a few hours. I purchased Warfield's Pretty Good solitaire. Love it. Amazon has it. Hundreds of solitaire games! Just the card games. No characters to create. Just play cards! You have many choices as to how to move your cards. You can Drag them or right click to  play the cards and It will make the move for you . If you right click and it were to ever place  a card in a place other than where you meant - just undo. Undo and redo any move as many times as you want. There is a game called pitchfork in pretty good solitaire. never played it. Oh, and you can create your own solitaire games with the product. I am not that advanced.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes it does
Yes.  Our system is 8.1 and it loaded and runs without any problem.
from turtlebeach web siteXBOX 360 Compatible*Works as amplified stereo headset on the XBOX 360.*Additional cables required (sold separatelynote it says AMPLIFIED STERO HEADSET not true surround
Yes for use on the laptop or xbox.. For the Turtle beach Charlie or Z6A head set#1 = Logitech 5.1 Game Console Adapter Convert Rca Plugs To A Single 1/8 #2 = Belkin Audio Y Cable Splitter 1-Mini Plug/2-RCA Plugs (6 Feet)This is what i am using for gaming out on my laptop.
It is not cheap plastic per say but what do you want, steel. I want non heavy and comfy headphones. I have the Delta and they cost me a lot but they are so worth it. Incredible playing BF3
why not just buy the z6A, same thing and cheaper.
Yes, I've used it with the XP400 and it does work.  It seems to be a simple bluetooth connector and not model-specific.
It's a Bluetooth transmitter. YES, it will work!
As long as the xp500 can sync to a bluetooth source yes,
If you mean a PS4, then no. If there's a bluetooth headset I don't know about called a px4 then probably. It links an Xbox 360 controller to a Bluetooth headset. There's a port on the 360 controller where you'd usually attach a wired headset used for chat. That's where this device attaches. It's a propriety port, so it will only work on the 360.
It's powered by the 360 controller.
This device only connects the Headphone to the Xbox controller through bluetooth. Most of TB's headsets have a mute button. Hope it helps.
No. But I thought the X1 had Bluetooth support?
That wont even fit properly into the controller. I have both systems, and sure wish it worked that way! The connections on the bottom of the remote are very different.
Chat only. No game sound.
It has to be 10 feet.  I strech it across an entire room to use
"I have used this on on PC but only with the Simraceway online racing game. It seems to work really well. It is more or less ""plug and play"" but I needed to enter the ""Settings"" menu to set up the control functions. For Simraceway, it is very flexible. You can set the wheel, shifting and pedal control to pretty much any button (or pedal) you want. It does indeed work on PC (running Windows 7)."
No. They just need to be plugged in and your game set to steering wheel controls. The instructions are also very good at exposing for to set buttons
No
No
No
Yes
Yes
one player,but has online multi players on live
Yes They Fell Pain Although They Are Robots But The Emotions and The Felling Are Truth and Similar To Our Senses We Humans, i Hope This Answer is Well Convincing You Thank You For You'r Question :).
"It's only mentioned. Unlike the first game where the Matrix changes hands into Optimus' for the first time; this game focuses on the actual Fall of their home planet. Optimus stays the Prime and despite not hearing anything about a third game there could easily be one if they feel the need to make it. If your an old fan it will please you with how they molded the story, if a new fan you will love it the same. The biggest suggestion to make for anyone is to search the levels, find the 'Easter Eggs', collectables and just general background details that give a boatload of extra depth to both game stories.



    It's only mentioned. Unlike the first game where the Matrix changes hands into Optimus' for the first time; this game focuses on the actual Fall of their home planet. Optimus stays the Prime and despite not hearing anything about a third game there could easily be one if they feel the need to make it. If your an old fan it will please you with how they molded the story, if a new fan you will love it the same. The biggest suggestion to make for anyone is to search the levels, find the 'Easter Eggs', collectables and just general background details that give a boatload of extra depth to both...
      » 
Read More


   It's only mentioned. Unlike the first game where the Matrix changes hands into Optimus' for the first time; this game focuses on the actual Fall of their home planet. Optimus stays the Prime and despite not hearing anything about a third game there could easily be one if they feel the need to make it. If your an old fan it will please you with how they molded the story, if a new fan you will love it the same. The biggest suggestion to make for anyone is to search the levels, find the 'Easter Eggs', collectables and just general background details that give a boatload of extra depth to both game stories.
      « 

Show Less"
My son who I bought the game for says yes it is part of the G1 Canon
I bought the game for my son and there is no cussing in the game that I have heard.
Yes that's what I did. Whenever you install the disc, the game will add to your steam account.
Yes
"No, it loads something called ""Steam"" but the game installs on your PC and runs without being online."
Nope.
Im guessing yes, because it will be on your computer and not from a pc disk, i dont think it will require Steam. Worth a shot?
Yes. controls are the mouse, the space bar, and keys s, d, f, e, and g.
XP would be the only questionable one I believe. I've played with no problems on 7, 8, and 8.1
I run it on Windows 8.1 pro with no issues!
Yep. Playing on Windows 8!Brian
No
Hello Caleb I am sorry but I bought this game for the son of a friend and all he needed was that game in english.
Yes it work perfectly
hi and yes you can with the (logitech G27) joystick
Yes Euro truck simulator 2 is comparable with a G27 steering wheel.
Yes it will.. That's what it was made for.
The kinect is a very sensitive device an struggles with compatibility im pretty sure there not compatible with each other
I haven't had any problems like that up to this date. I was actually suprised by the quality of this hard drive because it looks like an exact clone to the Microsoft one. I know this doesn't really answer your question and that's because I haven't in countered your problem. I am not going to swear by this HDD as the reading might be your Xbox or might be the HDD if your looking to buy it do it. It's insanely great quality for the price.
I put an Xbox 1 game in and got an error message :-(
The hard drive has nothing to do with being able to play an original Xbox game on the 360. Take a look at the wiki page for compatible games https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Xbox_games_compatible_with_Xbox_360
There is a cover on the right back side that you pull off. Pull out the old drive and plug in the new.
The one I bought had a 30 day warrantee from the seller. Did you check with the seller you bought from to see if they had a warrantee? not all sellers do this.
Yes, this hard drive will be able to hold any game install up to 250 GB. I've installed battle field 3 and it works fine.
Yes it is compatible with the Slim edition of the 360.
"By ""originally associated"" do you mean made or certified by Microsoft? It is not made by Microsoft, and I'm not sure, but I think it is not Microsoft certified. However, the disk works excellent. I just unpacked and plugged, and it worked. I have downloaded a lot of games and I still have plenty of space. I have not had any issue with it so far. I've been using the disk for over 7 months now. I hope this helps :)"
It uses steam as the DRM so the only difference is who you're buying it from. It'll act the same as if you bought the game from steam once you redeem the code you get. If steam has a Mac option then it should work.
I run it on my W8.1 laptop. Should work with any decent Windows computer - I believe that any program that ran on W7 is backward compatible with newer windows OSs.
We have't tried 8.1 but it does work with 8.0.
Indeed it does. All of CKII and its respective DLC are Steam managed DRM.
No
No, It is wired.
Trust me I have owned the Razer Black Widow and this keyboard feels good, but is not mechanical in any way.
It did not come with black keys. This is a pretty average membrane keyboard and if you don't want orange keys, you shouldn't buy the keyboard.
It will work, the Windows and Alt key will act as the Command and Options key. Although, they will be reversed, this can be fixed with a program called Double Command.
Yes
Probably close to 4 foot long.
yes works with windows 8
I'm not sure, but for this price I'm assuming simply a membrane type. It does have a nice tactile feel.
I am not selling anything, the game has drm and is tied to an account once activated. I simply wrote the review to help future customers with their purchases. The limited was a pre order special that came with a couple digital extras and a beta. As far as SimCity standard, it is the same as limited, I believe deluxe is the one with all the bells and whistles with digital content.
Yes I believe so and its linked to one email and password.
yes it does work with Windows 7
Yes, you have to download the Origin client to download SimCity. The Origin client is free to download and its not bad to have as they sometimes have free games that you can download.
Yes, unfortunately. I bought the DVD version, and I still had to install Origin to activate it since it originally required Origin to be logged in and on line to play it at all! When you open the game, it'll load Origin first, then your game. Same way on my Macintosh.
Correct. The other advantages of single player mode are that the space center work is not bugged and that the prices of the goods are steady and do not swing around. The one disadvantage is that you don't get achievements.
it is account bound so all characters
No
Yes, definitely can, and absolutely worth it too! (You even still get Founder's status added to your account, heh. I bought it for the toon unlocks, and that plus the mount alone was worth it, let alone the other cool stuff in the box)
"No you will not have to start over again, this will just give you all the perks of being a founder with out paying out the nose. here is the financial bits from my previous review of this item.Once you play one character and type, you're going to want to eventually try them all not to mention open your bank slots (as you acquire a lot of stuff fairly quickly). This is what prompted me to buy a copy the game even though is now free to play. By doing the math I found that the EMP (cash shop dollars for the game) to dollar ratio is about 100:1 (100 points for every dollar) a single character slot is 495 EMP or 3960 EMP to unlock all 8, BUT only for one server! That's a little over $39. Then when you add in the cost of expanding your bank slots that's an additional 495 EMP for 1 slot or 1320 EMP for all 3, costing an additional $5-$13. So in the end you would end up paying between $54.45 - $52.80 just for upgrades on ONE server. So that in mind I decided to buy a physical copy, which will give me all 8 character slots & all 4 bank slots in all the servers not to mention 3 pages instead of 1 in the Brokerage (Player's Market), to save myself money in the long run.I also decided to spend an additional $15 and upgrade to the collectors edition simply to get all the nifty extras! The review by Catpsyche really says it all for why I did. But even then I still saved money!Also just some advice, but if you are going to buy something from the EMP shop save yourself money in the long run and always buy permanent!



    No you will not have to start over again, this will just give you all the perks of being a founder with out paying out the nose. here is the financial bits from my previous review of this item.Once you play one character and type, you're going to want to eventually try them all not to mention open your bank slots (as you acquire a lot of stuff fairly quickly). This is what prompted me to buy a copy the game even though is now free to play. By doing the math I found that the EMP (cash shop dollars for the game) to dollar ratio is about 100:1 (100 points for every dollar) a single...
      » 
Read More


   No you will not have to start over again, this will just give you all the perks of being a founder with out paying out the nose. here is the financial bits from my previous review of this item.Once you play one character and type, you're going to want to eventually try them all not to mention open your bank slots (as you acquire a lot of stuff fairly quickly). This is what prompted me to buy a copy the game even though is now free to play. By doing the math I found that the EMP (cash shop dollars for the game) to dollar ratio is about 100:1 (100 points for every dollar) a single character slot is 495 EMP or 3960 EMP to unlock all 8, BUT only for one server! That's a little over $39. Then when you add in the cost of expanding your bank slots that's an additional 495 EMP for 1 slot or 1320 EMP for all 3, costing an additional $5-$13. So in the end you would end up paying between $54.45 - $52.80 just for upgrades on ONE server. So that in mind I decided to buy a physical copy, which will give me all 8 character slots & all 4 bank slots in all the servers not to mention 3 pages instead of 1 in the Brokerage (Player's Market), to save myself money in the long run.I also decided to spend an additional $15 and upgrade to the collectors edition simply to get all the nifty extras! The review by Catpsyche really says it all for why I did. But even then I still saved money!Also just some advice, but if you are going to buy something from the EMP shop save yourself money in the long run and always buy permanent!
      « 

Show Less"
Mine did not come with a soundtrack
Na
You can install Tera on as many PCs as you like. However, the code of goodies is tied to your online account with which you registered on Tera (eg. Mark@someemail.com). Hope this helps.
The mounts are included in the activation code. After activation, you can find them in the Item Claim tab on the in-game menu; under account-bound items. All your characters can use them.
Yes, this is the one for the US server because it's published by En Masse.  The EU publisher is Gameforge.
"yes, it opens all of the available character slots, which I believe are 8 per server. I would suggest reading through the reviews below most of your questions could be answered, as there are a lot of very reliable reviews available.here is mine :http://www.amazon.com/review/R9N8XAQ5U81MC/ref=cm_cr_rdp_permyou'll also save a lot of money in the long run by buying a copy.but what is included in the CE when you enter the code (enter it both forwards then again backwards):The pack comes with:- Founder Title- 8 character slots (including the 2 given to you)- 4 Bank Slots- Tawny Lion- 2 Semi-Enigmatic Scrolls- 2 Emeralds- Lv 15 Necklace (Account Bound)- Lv 40 Necklace (Account Bound)- Warhorse Mount (Account Bound)- Frost Lion Mount (Account Bound)



    yes, it opens all of the available character slots, which I believe are 8 per server. I would suggest reading through the reviews below most of your questions could be answered, as there are a lot of very reliable reviews available.here is mine :http://www.amazon.com/review/R9N8XAQ5U81MC/ref=cm_cr_rdp_permyou'll also save a lot of money in the long run by buying a copy.but what is included in the CE when you enter the code (enter it both forwards then again backwards):The pack comes with:- Founder Title- 8 character slots...
      » 
Read More


   yes, it opens all of the available character slots, which I believe are 8 per server. I would suggest reading through the reviews below most of your questions could be answered, as there are a lot of very reliable reviews available.here is mine :http://www.amazon.com/review/R9N8XAQ5U81MC/ref=cm_cr_rdp_permyou'll also save a lot of money in the long run by buying a copy.but what is included in the CE when you enter the code (enter it both forwards then again backwards):The pack comes with:- Founder Title- 8 character slots (including the 2 given to you)- 4 Bank Slots- Tawny Lion- 2 Semi-Enigmatic Scrolls- 2 Emeralds- Lv 15 Necklace (Account Bound)- Lv 40 Necklace (Account Bound)- Warhorse Mount (Account Bound)- Frost Lion Mount (Account Bound)
      « 

Show Less"
8-14
"You don't have to read to much but to really understand the plot behind the game you do need to read some texts. But most of the time there are cut scenes that explain what is going on. As for the dying in this game. If there are two players then as long as both don't die then your good. If its single player than its a little tougher but if you do die you respawn at the same place you died in. So it's hard yet easy at the same time. It does take some thinking to defeat the enemies. Also this game makes a difference in co-op so I would recommend that your kid has someone to play with. Hope this helped.



    You don't have to read to much but to really understand the plot behind the game you do need to read some texts. But most of the time there are cut scenes that explain what is going on. As for the dying in this game. If there are two players then as long as both don't die then your good. If its single player than its a little tougher but if you do die you respawn at the same place you died in. So it's hard yet easy at the same time. It does take some thinking to defeat the enemies. Also this game makes a difference in co-op so I would recommend that your kid has someone to play with. Hope...
      » 
Read More


   You don't have to read to much but to really understand the plot behind the game you do need to read some texts. But most of the time there are cut scenes that explain what is going on. As for the dying in this game. If there are two players then as long as both don't die then your good. If its single player than its a little tougher but if you do die you respawn at the same place you died in. So it's hard yet easy at the same time. It does take some thinking to defeat the enemies. Also this game makes a difference in co-op so I would recommend that your kid has someone to play with. Hope this helped.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, you can play the Wii version on the Wii U. The Wii U is backwards compatible with all Wii titles.
"While it's preferable if you do play the first one as this story refers to the first EM's story and many of the characters make return appearances it is not a must that you play EM before EM2.  EM2 will encapsulate the previous story in its cut scenes and it's not that important to be familiar with any character.  I didn't find that being familiar with characters from EM enhanced my enjoyment (or lack thereof) of EM2.  But I would suggest that you skip EM2 altogether and play through EM, a flawed but satisfying game.  EM2 improves on a oft difficult camera (but not by that much) and it's true strength is probably the co-op play it offers but it's not nearly as satisfying a game as the original IMO.



    While it's preferable if you do play the first one as this story refers to the first EM's story and many of the characters make return appearances it is not a must that you play EM before EM2. EM2 will encapsulate the previous story in its cut scenes and it's not that important to be familiar with any character. I didn't find that being familiar with characters from EM enhanced my enjoyment (or lack thereof) of EM2. But I would suggest that you skip EM2 altogether and play through EM, a flawed but satisfying game. EM2 improves on a oft difficult camera (but not by that much) and it's true...
      » 
Read More


   While it's preferable if you do play the first one as this story refers to the first EM's story and many of the characters make return appearances it is not a must that you play EM before EM2.  EM2 will encapsulate the previous story in its cut scenes and it's not that important to be familiar with any character.  I didn't find that being familiar with characters from EM enhanced my enjoyment (or lack thereof) of EM2.  But I would suggest that you skip EM2 altogether and play through EM, a flawed but satisfying game.  EM2 improves on a oft difficult camera (but not by that much) and it's true strength is probably the co-op play it offers but it's not nearly as satisfying a game as the original IMO.
      « 

Show Less"
"According to this it may work""The controller functions as a Nunchuk when playing Epic Mickey: The Power of Two."" [http://www.amazon.com/Epic-Mickey-Mickeys-Paintbrush-Wii-Nintendo/dp/B008FHHT1S]"
No, you can use the Wii remote as the paintbrush
No,  but parts there are a few parts that are easier with two,  but still possible with one.
The regular controllers work with the regular nunchuk... the nunchuks like in the game are optional.
yes i think you can find Spanish in the settings.
I would say it is meant for ages 5-10 but honestly no one should play it because it is made very poorly.
Yes it will work with the Xbox wired controller. I highly recommend Titanfall. That is a great game.
Yes, although not many play multiplayer on PC
Yes
no just steam pretty sure uplay is just for ubisoft games
There is two ways one u have to buy it from steam and download it or u can buy a dvd of that game and use some one elses pc to copy every file from that dvd and get ghose on a different flash drive and transfer it to u r pc.
No, Its a PC game for Windows Vista SP2 or Windows 7
I'm not sure how many discs are inside  - its DVDrom.  It does include a Steam code and an Internet connection is required to activate and play the game.
It works but I went from PC Hoyle to Mac and do not like it and they have removed a lot of games.
Black Jack, Bridge, Canasta, Crazy Eights, Cribbage, Euchre, Gin, Go Fish, Hearts, Memory Match, Miami Solitaire, Old Maid, Pinocle, Pitch, Poker, Rummy 500, Skat, Solitare, Space Race, Spade, Spite and Malice, Space Race, Tarot, Tuxedo, Video Blackjack, Video Poker, Video Texas Hold'em and War
Lots, including Spades, Bridge, Hearts, Spite, GoFish, and about 20 types of Solotaire, plus many others
Yes it does. I have problems getting it to load. When I click on the regular icon it just wants to install the program over and over. I have to go into Finder and Applications to find the right icon to get the games started. (Maybe that is my ignorance?) Once I have it loaded, the games play with no problem.
I don't have Maverick...works well with OSX
I don't remember seeing anything about a warranty in the box, but I have used mine almost everyday since I bought it and not once have I had any issues with it.  Turtle Beach makes really good products, I have three of there headsets and not one has had any issues.  I would just register it through the website and if you have any problems contact them about it, I have heard really good things about there customer support.
The wireless transmitter will pass through digital optical -- it has both an in and out port for optical -- so you should be able to daisy-chain, plugging the transmitter into the PS3, and the DAC into the transmitter.
Yes, but you need the Xbox One chat adapter.
No, I would not recommend these particular TB's...
Yes, works in mine just fine
Yes
Don't know I had bad experience with them
It is the best one
Sorry.  It's is matching same tiles.
Yes, no problems.
I found out that I have Windows 7 and it work for me. So it should work for Windows 8.1
All of the games listed are the complete version with no additional cost.  You just choose from the list which ones you want to put on to your computer.  They have their first versions of the game (not as good) up to the latest (very good).  I have had more fun with that one purchase.  It's a GREAT deal!
Yes it should. I don't believe there's been a change in screen size, and this article says so too. http://www.kotaku.com.au/2014/12/nintendo-new-3ds-xl-australian-review/
According to Nintendo the Screen Sizes are exactly the same so you should be fine! http://www.nintendo.com/3ds/features/compare#/compare-3ds
Nope, it doesn't do anything for glare. It has no effect on the screen.
Yes
No , Two filters one for the top screen and one for the bottom .
There are instructions inside that tell you how to apply it without putting your fingers on the backs of the adhesive.  Each tab is numbered in an order to apply it.  I am sure there are videos on youtube you can consult.  Hope this helps.
Enough for 1 3DS XL.
Yes it will, I have it on my 3ds xl and it fits perfectly
What do you mean?
Yes it works
No
It has in it Cleopatra 2, Coyote Moon, Triple Stars, Siberian Storm, Aztec Temple, Bombay, Three Kings, Lotus Flower, Glitter Kitty, Wild Wolf It includes other less popular machines.Hope this helps.
I would be glad to answered, when I tried to download to my computer and zoom picture is not able to adjust...I had the help from online and they told me to tell the Amazon that it willl not work on Windows 7.
Cleopatra2- Coyote moon- Double diamond- Double diamond 3x 4x 5x- Kitty glitter- Lotus flower- Secrets of stonehenge- Siberian storm- Three kings- Treasures of troy- Triple double 7s- Triple stars- Wild wolf- Aztec temple- Bombay
I couldn't play it on any of three systems I tried...save your money - this game is a bust.
I never had a problem
"I was so frustrated with this game. I have several slot games and never had one that wouldn't load properly. I bought my game in October, but when I looked at more recent reviews, people still seem to have problems with launch. I would like to have this slot game too...if it would work! I would not recommend buying this game. It's not that it wasn't like the ones in the casino, or worked too slowly or didn't pay off too much or too little, it didn't work at all! Buyer beware! Look at the number of reviews that have the exact same complaints about the game and then decide it you think you might get one that actually works. I do have a laptop and some people have said that is why it didn't install, but I have 3 WMS and Reel Deal slots that work perfectly fine on my laptop. Good luck!



    I was so frustrated with this game. I have several slot games and never had one that wouldn't load properly. I bought my game in October, but when I looked at more recent reviews, people still seem to have problems with launch. I would like to have this slot game too...if it would work! I would not recommend buying this game. It's not that it wasn't like the ones in the casino, or worked too slowly or didn't pay off too much or too little, it didn't work at all! Buyer beware! Look at the number of reviews that have the exact same complaints about the game and then decide it you think you...
      » 
Read More


   I was so frustrated with this game. I have several slot games and never had one that wouldn't load properly. I bought my game in October, but when I looked at more recent reviews, people still seem to have problems with launch. I would like to have this slot game too...if it would work! I would not recommend buying this game. It's not that it wasn't like the ones in the casino, or worked too slowly or didn't pay off too much or too little, it didn't work at all! Buyer beware! Look at the number of reviews that have the exact same complaints about the game and then decide it you think you might get one that actually works. I do have a laptop and some people have said that is why it didn't install, but I have 3 WMS and Reel Deal slots that work perfectly fine on my laptop. Good luck!
      « 

Show Less"
Yes yes yes..... In fact windows 8 is the best platform to run battlefield on you will get extra frames opposed to Windows 7.
in http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf3/ click campaign!
Yes, because you use battlelog for launching sp campaign
if you want it on dvd it will be deviled but if you buy it via digital edition then amazon will email you youre ea origin code so that you can activate youre copy of the game. i hope my answer helps you out Benny
As of right now, there is no prebundled BF4 that has premium access. The premium still needs to be purchesd separately from the game. Im sure as more time passes, EA will release a premium edition game
Download the game from disc and go. Disc doesn't have to be in computer to use.
I am not sure, I play the game on my Win 7.
It seems like you got the PC download version. There is a PC and a Mac download. Sadly, I don't think there are refunds on digital media.
I don't know. I would assume it would, but have not tried it. It's a standard platform game.
No, this download is from PC only.
Yes it does, perfectly. It's actually has the same wire settings for the Xbox controller. In the bottom of the chat pad there is a audio connect for your turtle beach/any other Xbox headset. So yes it does!
Yes!  It holds up to 3 save files.
No. You will need a 3DS to play this game.
You do need the 3ds.  Have fun!
No, it's not suitable for a 12 year old. In fact, I would not recommend buying it, because it wouldn't be fun for any aged person.
3DS games will only work on 3DS gaming system.  You can play nintendo ds games on a 3DS gaming system but the way the game cartridge for the 3ds is shaped it won't fit into a ds gaming system.  Sorry.
I haven't tried. Very evil if you ask me. I know you can fast forward through the speeches if you press and hold the stylus to the bottom screen when he is speaking.
"I don´t think there´s a way to alter the appearance of the devilish head. What do you mean about ""stop the remarks about the scores""? You can try reseting them if that´s what you´re asking, but they will keep poping out every time you finish a training."
Yes, however if you played the originals on console, a controller would be much more comfortable.
I actually think it's required. Not 100% sure on that, but I can confirm I use a controller with it.
I don't see why it wouldn't. I installed it a while ago when I bought it for Steam. Windows 8 has the same folder structure as Windows 7 and Vista, but only a different Start menu. There should be no reason this doesn't work.
nope
yes.
It will work with any computer with a usb port. That has windows xp or later. It will recognize the mouse but, you will have to go to the steelseries website and download mouse's program. To set the mouse functions for a specific game. I have mine set for diablo 2 and diablo 3. It has the option of working connected by wire or wireless.
One year
There is no new updates or customer support on this mouse so keep that in mind.
You can most likely find a suitable one at Walmart. I know the one for this mouse has more of a squared and thinner end, so that's what you should look for. You can always buy a few different ones and return the ones that don't fit. Good luck.
It uses a built in battery, cant remove it, the base this mouse comes with also charges it, but battery should never really be an issue, the mouse also has an input hole, you can play while you charge.
I used one for 15 months or so.... never had wear problems at all.  Really enjoyed the wired one.  Not so much the wireless. I was disappointed with their support. Went to all Razer products.  That said the wired version was excellent quality and is still on my shelf as a backup to my Razer Ouroboros.
Well I play usually 6 or 8 hours, then simply redock it in the charger.  I've not left it undocked to know how long it lasts.  I'm sorry!
It should work, but not effectively. There are 4 or so buttons that you use your thumb to click, though I suppose you could use your pinky to use them. But that's only if you plan on using it to game fully- I use mine as a regular mouse without using many of the extra buttons ;) So it depends on your intended use.
I ended up buying the gaming surface made by the same company but I tried it on a standard mouse pad. Works fine either way. I just bought theirs b/c it gave me a lot more real estate to work with.
Well Jellicoe, I have no clue if this Mouse will work on Mac because I don't use Mac. The only Mac I use is Mac and Cheese. I appologize for not being able to answer your question. Good Day
Yes
I am not sure as I do not own that station. It does fit on the official Nintendo charging station that came with the Deluxe Wii U.
No a case doesn't fit well with this. I was able to cut my silicone case enough so that it fit.
It gave it another three hours or so.
yes one charge. my only complaint is after almost a year I need to buy another the battery simply does not hold a charge any longer
Sorry to this man but it doesn't say. All I can tell you is that this battery is exceptional and can have you playing on your Wii U for over 15 hours if you can work it right. Its a real great find and I highly recommend it. I promise you won't be disappointed.
Yes, you plug one part of a mic control into your Xbox and then plug the included 2.5mm cable into your controller.
Yes that's what I do
It is pretty long. Around 6 to 8 feet
No, its a good set for its price range.
Yes but you need purchase adapters to make the audio sound better and like with any console boy a sound processor to enhance audio, the processor makes my skullcandy slayers sound smooth and crisp as well as my turtle beach ear force tangos. I would recommend the Dolby dss sound processor from turtle beach
No it will not. That is exactly where i tried to use it. I was using my macbook pro
"The Audio does, the microphone requires a strange workaround for no particular reason. Razer support insists that it's ""not compatible with the PS4"" despite the product description ""The Razer Kraken's 3.5mm combined audio jack is compatible with any device that accepts a 3.5mm input, allowing use across multiple devices."", but they also directed me to this customer-created workaround: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMiHbMWjF2E"
No I dont it does. I believe its only for computer.
the mic on the headset is crazy sensitive no matter what you do, i for one on applications unlike skype that you can use a push to talk key would help...as far as voice activation applications such as skype, their isnt much you can do, lower the music volume separately from the voice application in order to get the right volume...
"It sounds like you will have to go through Razer's warranty. I think they have a 1 year warranty. I would just go through Razer's official website. Unless you get some heavy duty headphones, most will break if not taken care of properly. I hang mine on a hook when I'm not using mine. Or, it could be a wiring issue when the headphones themselves aren't messed up, but maybe the wires did get messed up. To prevent this issue, I keep my wires twisty-tied together so they don't touch the floor. I've gone through extensive research on how to protect headphones because I've had a few that I've gone through and finally found that if you take good care in protecting them & making sure they're taken care of, you can prevent these damaging issues.  But yes, try to redeem their warranty through their official Razer website.



    It sounds like you will have to go through Razer's warranty. I think they have a 1 year warranty. I would just go through Razer's official website. Unless you get some heavy duty headphones, most will break if not taken care of properly. I hang mine on a hook when I'm not using mine. Or, it could be a wiring issue when the headphones themselves aren't messed up, but maybe the wires did get messed up. To prevent this issue, I keep my wires twisty-tied together so they don't touch the floor. I've gone through extensive research on how to protect headphones because I've had a few that I've...
      » 
Read More


   It sounds like you will have to go through Razer's warranty. I think they have a 1 year warranty. I would just go through Razer's official website. Unless you get some heavy duty headphones, most will break if not taken care of properly. I hang mine on a hook when I'm not using mine. Or, it could be a wiring issue when the headphones themselves aren't messed up, but maybe the wires did get messed up. To prevent this issue, I keep my wires twisty-tied together so they don't touch the floor. I've gone through extensive research on how to protect headphones because I've had a few that I've gone through and finally found that if you take good care in protecting them & making sure they're taken care of, you can prevent these damaging issues.  But yes, try to redeem their warranty through their official Razer website.
      « 

Show Less"
With an adapter yes but you life would be easier withhttp://www.razerzone.com/gaming-audio/razer-tiamat-71 or http://www.razerzone.com/gaming-audio/razer-carcharias-for-xbox-pc but there not as good quality wise
No. It comes with a Aux to Audio/ Mic cable. So you can plug it into a laptop ( Build in AUX cable) and use it or plug it into your desktop ( Splitter, AUX to Audio/mic cable).
You get a splitter for mic and sound
Yes you can
Yes it is !
It sure will.I have used the following on it:1. The Wii-U Tablet.2. Original Launch Wii Remote3. Wii Remote with built in Motion+4. 3rd party Wii remote with built in Motion+As long as the battery compartment is in the standard location on the back it works fine. You just put in the energizer battery, and it lines up and charges.If you for example had a Motion+ add-on on the controller, you would have to remove it to allow the remote to sit properly in the charging dock though.
This comes with its own charger cord, so if your original cord is damaged you can use this to replace it. However, it won't plug into the Gamepad directly, it'll only plug in to the cradle. So you still won't be able to play games on the Gamepad while it's plugged in unless you get a replacement from Nintendo.
No
Yes it does
Indubitably
seems unlikely, have you emailed energizer?
Ya it will sit and charge just fine.. i was the same way thinking it wouldnt and gave it a shot and worked out good and this charges the pad super fast i love it
Miss Red, Cougarlicious, White Song, Ladies, Wolf Run2, Billy Goat Bucks, Blackbeards, Boingy Beans, Bonus Bubbles and Crazy Chameleon, Wild Red Sevens.
Yes, I did!
100 Ladies,Billy Goat Bucks,Boingy Beans,Bean to Be Wild,Blackbeard's Doubloons,Bonus Bubbles,Cougarlicious,Crazy Chameleon,Diamond Jubilee,Frantic Antics,Miss Red,Whale Song,Wild Red Sevens,Win Zeroes!,Blue Blazes,Winning Colors!,Red White&Blue;,Wolf Run 2 Into The Wild
Yes full screen
Sorry, I don't remember. Mine is packed for a move.  But I do remember the whole disc was very boring. Not worth the money.
even 8.1!
Yes, absolutely. Play it on the easiest difficulty your first time through as you learn the mechanics (normal, classic) and dont be afraid to look up any questions online. I had never played an FE game before and I loved it.
Yes, there's Classic Mode and Casual Mode - classic mode: a character of your's dies then he cannot be used for the rest of the game. casual mode: a character of your's dies but will be available after the level is over.I know it's tempting to keep your characters and play Casual, but it discourages true strategy when you don't care if someone dies or not. But hey, the wheel weaves as the wheel wills
"There's a couple things that I feel really help it stand out.For starters there's the relationship system that's in place - which not only gives better bonuses when people with higher relationships are next to one another, but it also unlocks conversations between party members that can be insightful, and entertaining. (I love character development, personally). Relationships that reach an S status can also result in 2nd and 3rd generations entering into the game. Don't fret! this is handled well, and plays in line with some of the other options of the game. It's not as forced as it may sound on the surface.Secondly are the reeking boxes and maps you can download. The boxes are ingame items purchased with ingame currency and let you create random battles to help level up your army and build relationships. These things are invaluable. The maps you can purchase are a lot of fun, and often give you boosts in income or experience, but they don't impact the game itself - you're not missing out on important game stuff if you skip buying these.Lastly, the option of playing casual or old school is nice. Casual removes the finality of death, and it's a great option when you just feel like relaxing and enjoying the story. Old School is great because it's nice to be able to play the game as intended. You can play either of these options on easy or hard settings on top of it all.There's a little more to it than that, but those are the things that I feel stand apart from previous versions. I've gotten pretty deep into the game, and I really can't find anything to complain about so far. I'm enjoying building relationships, and the story is interesting, and the game play smooth. If you've enjoyed past Fire Emblems, chances are high you'll enjoy this one.



    There's a couple things that I feel really help it stand out.For starters there's the relationship system that's in place - which not only gives better bonuses when people with higher relationships are next to one another, but it also unlocks conversations between party members that can be insightful, and entertaining. (I love character development, personally). Relationships that reach an S status can also result in 2nd and 3rd generations entering into the game. Don't fret! this is handled well, and plays in line with some of the other options of the game. It's not as...
      » 
Read More


   There's a couple things that I feel really help it stand out.For starters there's the relationship system that's in place - which not only gives better bonuses when people with higher relationships are next to one another, but it also unlocks conversations between party members that can be insightful, and entertaining. (I love character development, personally). Relationships that reach an S status can also result in 2nd and 3rd generations entering into the game. Don't fret! this is handled well, and plays in line with some of the other options of the game. It's not as forced as it may sound on the surface.Secondly are the reeking boxes and maps you can download. The boxes are ingame items purchased with ingame currency and let you create random battles to help level up your army and build relationships. These things are invaluable. The maps you can purchase are a lot of fun, and often give you boosts in income or experience, but they don't impact the game itself - you're not missing out on important game stuff if you skip buying these.Lastly, the option of playing casual or old school is nice. Casual removes the finality of death, and it's a great option when you just feel like relaxing and enjoying the story. Old School is great because it's nice to be able to play the game as intended. You can play either of these options on easy or hard settings on top of it all.There's a little more to it than that, but those are the things that I feel stand apart from previous versions. I've gotten pretty deep into the game, and I really can't find anything to complain about so far. I'm enjoying building relationships, and the story is interesting, and the game play smooth. If you've enjoyed past Fire Emblems, chances are high you'll enjoy this one.
      « 

Show Less"
I would say it's US locked. I live in the US and it works fine on my system.
"you can only transfer your ""avatar"" character to use on other files, but you need to ""recruit"" him by paying a considerable ammount of gold. Besides that, no, you need to start every difficulty from scratch.thats part of the experience though if you ask me."
I would not recommend it. It is quite violent and can be sexually suggestive at times. You could look into another series i play which is Rune Factory.
When I got it, there was no poster. There was only the game box with instructions and the game itself.
This game is for the US version of the 3DS
Yes. You can play the game with the computer. Obviously, you'd need to have internet in order to play with other (real) people around the world, though.EDIT: The other reviewers are correct in that you can also play a turn-based game off the same computer with friends.
Yes, it works on Windows 8. You can get a Steam account on steampowered.com.
The one we bought here on Amazon works great. This looks like the same one...no problems so far.
yes it will  thanks EF and Dime
I am not sure but I would suggest you call LG customer service
No, only on LG brand
Yes it definitely will work
I am not sure on that one.
by doing a search on the AC unit you will get the serial number of the remote. I would not trust any one person to know which remote works with which AC unit. Then when you get that serial number you can then go to a replacement guide that would recommend which remote to purchase. Do your own research and be successful Cheers!
No, works great! The only thing we don't like about it is, it doesn't turn the playstation on like the other controllers do.
Yes
It actually doesn't turn it on but all the other functions work for it
About 1 3/16 L x 11/16  W by 3/8 high
Just plug it in and it's fine
Hello Bill, yes it is rechargeable I normally get about 7 to 10 days of play from mine. 2 hours a few days during the week and a good 7 to 8 on the weekends.
I don't know, I don't have a mac.
Yes it does, but it's very short.
I've played it with ghost, it worked just fine. I'm not sure about the turbo I think it worked but I'm not positive I prefer to do it my self anyway. Ghost has the option to change the triggers so it is similar to other Xbox but they had to be pulled down pretty far to register the shot so I didn't like it much. But it does work
Yes it most certainly does. I've been using it to record tons of videos on my Xbox 360.
No it does not. Jenny
Didn't work at all. Total waste of money
Honestly I don't know. it didn't work for me when I got it. It was defective so i sent it back
The quality is very low and the software has many glitches it is not worth the buy
yes!!! you MUST get sims 3 before buying this!
"go into ""edit world"" and see if there is an incon in the upper left corner for the University.  If so click on it and see if you can edit the university world.  If not, you need to uninstall it and re-install it.  If you can reach the university in ""edit world"", try switching households and going there with a different Sim (waring everything in your refrigerator will disappear unless you store it in a treasure box)."
Yes, you have to already own the Sims 3 core game. This particular game is a expiation pack.
yes university life is a expansion
It came with a single piece of paper with that included a list of the 17 mods and a link that gave my computer a virus with should of showed how to adjust the speed of the rapid fire and the quick scope mod
Yes
Have you checked the add on amazon  I believe that it says but other than that I don't know
I had the same question when I bought it but sadly it only works for games like call of duty
I know for a fact it is up to two players on the same console.
Yes, it is two player, just like all the Lego games are.
Yes hawkeye needs to  be unlocked
This game is in English only and you cannot change the settings in the game to hear/read Spanish. However that is not the main problem for you if it even was one. This game is one of many PlayStation3 games that are region locked. This game is region 1 which means it will only work in North America (Canada, USA, Mexico). You need a Region 4 Lego Marvel Super Heroes game.
"I think that one might be the ""new"" version and the other could be a ""used"" version."
My son who plays this says it's in English.
Dont know, i just give to my grand son. Sorry
Yes, not quite that often but more than any other Lego game I've played, so annoying
One player, or two-player co-operative. No online multiplayer.
Yes and no. Yes because both use voice recognition, infrared cameras, and face recognition. No because the kinects features are more advanced. Well not to get into the whole science of this but it would've been easier to have had googled it
This camera is only for PS4. It has motion control with Move and DualShock 4 and works REALLY well. Has head tracking, facial recognition, and voice commands as well. It works much much better than the PS Eye. The only content for it right now is The Playroom: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv5uI2vlXE8Its great for showing your face when streaming games though.
Comes with a small swivel support, and is very easy to assemble
Yeah but limited, playstation doesnt really focus gaming around camera compared to xbox
Not yet, I'm gonna need an extension too. My Ps4 is 10 feet from my TV. I'm gonna wait until there are better games before I purchase one.
Yes
Yes it does. It has thin articulated (hinged might be a better word) plates the same with of the camera (like the samsung tv cameras) that can be shaped as a stand or that supports the camera if placed on top of the TV
Idk if an extention cable is available. You might want to check with your local Game store or check online
If you mean moving keys as opposed to membrane, then yes.  If you mean something else, I'm not sure what you mean.  :)I suggest viewing this page, which handily includes a video review of the product:  http://steelseries.com/products/keyboards/steelseries-apex-raw-gaming-keyboard#specifications
The Steelseries Apex RAW Gaming Keyboard is slightly larger than the Logictech G15. the logictech G15 is 20.2 x 8.8 x 1.9 inches, while the SteelSeries Apex RAW Gaming Keyboard is around 20.5 x 8.7 x 2 inches but with the keys overall, it is quite spacey In my opinion, and my hands are never lost when I use it for my games that I play.
Absolutely. They can run any file that you link. Just link the script and it works, no problems. I've done this myself :D
It's wired.
Generally have to peel the key off gently and clean the area. If it's under warranty I'd do so first. Breaking it will void the warranty
I haven't had any problems with dust affecting the functionality, but it's black, and it has gloss black parts, so it shows dust. Any dust.
Approximately 3 ft.  I don't have a tape measure handy, so +/-3 inches.
The space bar is louder but still very quiet compared to a mechanical keyboard
Only the original xbox
The cord is shorter than the original. At about 6 feet, it's too short for most couch configurations, and there is no extension. Not sure about the warranty, but I ordered 2 and I had to send one back because it was DOA. These are cheaply made, but hey, what do you expect for $8.
about 6 feet
No, they aren't, and mine already broke, so the quality is questionable as well.
normally yesread this first:http://www.cnet.com/how-to/how-to-connect-game-controllers-to-your-mac/
Well it's ment for a PC not an Xbox.
I personally have used this extension Plugable 10 Meter (32 Foot) USB 2.0 Active Extension Cable Type A Male to A Female Plugable 10 Meter (32 Foot) USB 2.0 Active Extension Cable Type A Male to A Female It is possible you may need a powered USB hub at the end of the extension but I did not. I have used it for a Logitech unifying receiver and this controller module.  This specific extension cable is amplified. It may not work with a webcam or other higher-power peripherals but you should be good to go.
Microsoft does not offer a driver for the chromebook, so ultimately no. You may be able to find a 3rd party driver that could force it to work however that can be risky.
No. I dont think it would work on any version of android. Windows only.
Yes it supports up to 4
The easiest way to set this device up is to install the Microsoft drivers and then manually select the driver in your device manager. With that being said there is an option to download XP drivers from the Microsoft site. I installed it on my laptop that runs XP and it worked fine for me.
Try this link: http://www.microsoft.com/hardware/en-us/d/xbox-360-wireless-controller-for-windows This video should also be helpful: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qY8PIGO_li8
The answer is a yes and a no, yes the RECEIVER works but no the CD doesn't work and the only thing you can use it for is a flying disk, but you to download some stuff for the receiver to work so search some tutorials for how to do it on YouTube
I own a Vita version but not the PS3 version of the game. It is not cross-buy because it is not the same game. The Vita isn't powerful enough to run the full game so they made Arkham Origins: Blackgate which from what I remember takes place after the story of Arkham Origins. It is a different game entirely. It is in a 2D/3D mode. It has less fighting and more exploring of buildings and puzzles. It was an ok game.
You still have to purchase them separately.  With as much time that has passed since the game came out I don't think we will get a Complete edition with all the DLC on disc.
Nope no game for the ps3 can be played on the ps4 also goes for the xbox 360
Not sure, it's up to Warner Bros. Games Montréal
The one I got did come with the Deathstroke Challenge Pack.
Well not completely sure but I do kniw that some of the bugs people were experiencing was due to the fact that you had to complete certain obstacles a specific way
well when i bought it from amazon it was the digital version. they just gave me the code through an email. and when i redeemed it on psn i had to download the game then install it. once i launched the game there was a mandatory data install as well.
Haroon, I'm in Brazil and, in my region, the code doesn't work. If you're in America, I guess it does.
I don't know, I bought this as a gift for my father.
Hi mkirn887, first you're a lucky man! How did you get your wife to play FIFA!? Now there is a 1 vs. 1 and also you can both play on the same team against the COM. Just switch both controllers to the same side at the chose your side screen. Good luck!
"Yes, but this game is terrible, it is not like any other FIFA 14 game.  I played it 3 days and then put it away and never played it again.  I have every copy of FIFA since FIFA06 and have played hundreds if not thousands of hours.  DON""T BUY THIS GAME!  NO COMPRE ESTE JUEGO..ES MALISIMO, NO ES NADA COMO LOS OTRO FIFA, MEJOR ESPERAR PARA EL NUEVO FIFA15...ESTE ES MALISIMO, NISIQUIERA LO JUEGO YA."
This game has all these teams. Greetings.
I don't recommend playing with a move controller
I'm not sure because my kids don't have the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil, but I think the later is a special edition issued little before the 2014 world cup started and updated to include players and teams which were about to participate in that specific tournament.
Yes
This version as well as 2013 version is fully Move compatible. Though I doubt you will be able to execute the full array of moves without a standard controller.
This year's version is very similar to previous versions in terms of controls. Small differences like ball physics tweaks are new but are only going to cause issues if you're very familiar with an old FIFA title. But I find this one to be easier than 11 for example and very similar to 13. The learning curve is not steep in my opinion. If you've never played FIFA you might get bugged that not everything is going exactly the way you want right away, but after some practice you'll find you can score in creative ways and really enjoy the game
As a franchise player as well, if you are on a PS3 I would go with Fifa 13.
"Short answer: Yes. Long Answer: I just tested my Game Stop Brand Xbox 360 controller with usb converter on my Windows 7 64-bit PC, and it worked perfectly. I personally think the game is significantly easier to play with a keyboard and mouse, but yes, you are perfectly capable of playing with the controller. (Other operating systems may or may not work [I have no experience with Windows 8 nor previous versions]). If you have a different operating system, I recommend looking it up on google, or asking another person before you buy the game.P.S. If you need help setting up your controller, just let me know, or there may be tutorials online.



    Short answer: Yes. Long Answer: I just tested my Game Stop Brand Xbox 360 controller with usb converter on my Windows 7 64-bit PC, and it worked perfectly. I personally think the game is significantly easier to play with a keyboard and mouse, but yes, you are perfectly capable of playing with the controller. (Other operating systems may or may not work [I have no experience with Windows 8 nor previous versions]). If you have a different operating system, I recommend looking it up on google, or asking another person before you buy the game.P.S. If you need help setting up...
      » 
Read More


   Short answer: Yes. Long Answer: I just tested my Game Stop Brand Xbox 360 controller with usb converter on my Windows 7 64-bit PC, and it worked perfectly. I personally think the game is significantly easier to play with a keyboard and mouse, but yes, you are perfectly capable of playing with the controller. (Other operating systems may or may not work [I have no experience with Windows 8 nor previous versions]). If you have a different operating system, I recommend looking it up on google, or asking another person before you buy the game.P.S. If you need help setting up your controller, just let me know, or there may be tutorials online.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes, it has the code in a paper! It will also automatically seek out Steam if you have it on your computer to download to your Steam library. I highly recommend going this route.
"The DVD has all the game content including the downloadable content (DLCs) but it's not all obvious how to get at it. Once the Steam client is installed and you have an account, you can install the game + DLCs from the enclosed DVD. But, whenever you try to install the game straight from the Steam client GUI it will insist on installing over the internet which can take hours. But, there is a way to do it and it is not mentioned on Amazon or in the product packaging or in the Steam client. So, it is very easy to be tricked into downloading from the internet. I'm not sure why Steam makes it so difficult to install from the DVD but, if you go to the Steampowered website support area you will eventually find the answer. You have to use the steam.exe command-line interface to install from the DVD. Search the internet for something like ""How to install steam games from a DVD"" for details on how to do this. In my case Skyrim + the 3 DLCs installed from the DVD drive in about 20 minutes.



    The DVD has all the game content including the downloadable content (DLCs) but it's not all obvious how to get at it. Once the Steam client is installed and you have an account, you can install the game + DLCs from the enclosed DVD. But, whenever you try to install the game straight from the Steam client GUI it will insist on installing over the internet which can take hours. But, there is a way to do it and it is not mentioned on Amazon or in the product packaging or in the Steam client. So, it is very easy to be tricked into downloading from the internet. I'm not sure why Steam makes it...
      » 
Read More


   The DVD has all the game content including the downloadable content (DLCs) but it's not all obvious how to get at it. Once the Steam client is installed and you have an account, you can install the game + DLCs from the enclosed DVD. But, whenever you try to install the game straight from the Steam client GUI it will insist on installing over the internet which can take hours. But, there is a way to do it and it is not mentioned on Amazon or in the product packaging or in the Steam client. So, it is very easy to be tricked into downloading from the internet. I'm not sure why Steam makes it so difficult to install from the DVD but, if you go to the Steampowered website support area you will eventually find the answer. You have to use the steam.exe command-line interface to install from the DVD. Search the internet for something like ""How to install steam games from a DVD"" for details on how to do this. In my case Skyrim + the 3 DLCs installed from the DVD drive in about 20 minutes.
      « 

Show Less"
At some point in time, you have to get on an internet connection at least once to activate it on steam.  Although I don't know if there is a difference from activation to installation, but you should be able to just install it from the disc.  Otherwise, I could see it being possible to play offline beyond that point, however.  To play offline, just go to your steam folder in your computer and find the launch application.  Otherwise, its not the end of the world, go to a friends house and borrow his LAN/Internet for a little bit to get it installed.  Hope this helps!
The Legendary Edition contains the original Skyrim and all of its addons.  Highly recommended if you dont own Skyrim.
Yes, works fine on Windows 8 on my computer.
I'm not a computer wiz, but it'll be hard for anyone to answer without knowing which mods, some are rougher than others.
You can't go wrong either way. However, the PC download is more convenient because he can always download again it to his PC in case it gets erased. The PC version is good if he likes collecting physical game disks. But if you are to buy the PC version you have to make sure his PC has an optical disk drive.
It comes without the DLCs. The PC version comes with a CD and a code. The game is in the CD, but you'll have to look on the internet on how to install it with no need to download the game from Steam and save time, if your network is crappy. Once downloaded/installed, download the DLCs directly from steam, with the code.
You can redeem it on steam. If it takes 14hrs to download, then your internet is way too slow.
This game is easy for anyone to play. I'm sure he will love it once he plays the game.
This doesn't have a story mode where you can create (or choose an existing) wrestler.  It has Universe mode, which I am not enthused with.  It is like just playing different shows building up to different main events. Different matches with different wrestlers for each card.  Of course, it seems to be the same opponents for weeks on end.
Yes, he is an unlock able character when you complete the wrestlemania challenges. There also seems to another ultimate warrior you can purchase
Yes you have to to be able to go on harder levels.
You relive 30 years of wrestlemania & to finish each era you will have different objectives to complete inorder to continue but there are some that are optional. If you're like me that loves to collects trophies/achievements, then you might want to try to every objective because there is a achievement/trophy in doing so. But like i said some are optional while others are mandatory. I hope this answers your question
I'm not sure, I haven't heard anything about it
No
The commentary is terrible, plain and simple.
Yup, hes in there.
It's the full price and game. It's not entirely terrible if you get for Xbox One or PS4. It's not bad on Xbox 360 or PS3, just the graphics have been severely dumbed down. The story and gameplay are what really matter.
The game is 720p on the PS3.
Roughly 24 to 28 hours
Game is only single player
not that im aware of its the same game for each of the consoles it is on and there is no online multiplayer
I had it for the Playstation 3 only had one disc wad fun game
no
No you do not have to have Kinect. However if you do it allows you to use voice to navigate the menus. I personally do not use it I just use my controller and is does not affect any of my gameplay experience.
If your cloud has space then a hard drive would not be needed. I so far have only saved progress so that would be handled by the cloud system. If you do not wish to get a hard drive and want a physical copy of the files then saving to a flash drive inserted into the console is possible.
Yes you can
We bought my son in law both. He likes this one a lot better
Yes, you're asked if you wasn't too play left or right handed. I'm left handed and it works perfectly fine
When I tried using the Kinect I found that it picked up hand motions only causing confusion.  I'm sure it works better for some and I was looking forward to never having to take my hands off the guitar but it didn't work out for me.
Only when you're playing it. Once it's in tune, based on the quality of your guitar, it should stay tuned. To that key anyway. When I change key in the game it automatically prompts me to tune it and the tuning feature is actually quite  helpful. Usually takes less than a minute with my guitar. Hope that helped.
No amp is required, you do, however, need the cable, the cable is hooked up from guitar to xbox and the sound comes thru whatever you have hooked up to the tv, be it the speaker system or tv itself.
Yes it can. At least I never installed it. You will need memory to save of course.
Yes, there is a monthly fee but the game includes one free month
Ok I dont need Ps subscription and I meed to make a monthly payments only for this game. How stupid people are? Do you think people play only this game?   Dont buy this crap. How stupid people become? Pay for the game and pay monthly payments for the same game.
You can just hop in and play it.  It has a different storyline and is not connected to the others.  The only thing that is connected is some of the Class Jobs you start with and the Advanced Jobs you can unlock etc.  It is a very fun game I have been playing since the Re-launch.  Every class is fun to play just play what you enjoy best!  Little tip if you have not done any of the content just say in chat that this is your first time etc and people will help you out.
I have the same situation and I only pay for one subscription which includes both my PS3 and PS4.
No
Yes.
"Yep, and with the PS3 version too! Just make sure you're on the same server (known as ""Worlds"")."
You can play in any of the systems with your character and data, the only thing that is required is the license (code) for that system.  same will apply with the expansion when its released.  So to answer your question yes if you have Final Fantasy XIV ARR for PC and you buy the game for PS4 you can play on both systems.
i believe its 15 a month
It work with any kind of games on the PC or PS2 & PS3 & PS4.
Yes, people who said it can't probably didn't bother to install the driver for it.
"This controller is one of the best I have ever purchased, but if you need to modify the button layout because you find it uncomfortable or counter-intuitive there are a few programs that will modify the button layout. For example, x360ce is a very simple program to use (I use it for all of my games). It forces the game to think that the controller is an Xbox 360 controller so it is compatible with any and all games that use that controller as it's primary means. Just drop it in the folder with the LEGO LOTR executable (.exe) and run it, basically. Note: This program is not endorsed by Amazon.Beyond that, this controller feels a lot like a PS2 controller. So if you like that ""feel,"" you'll love this controller.



    This controller is one of the best I have ever purchased, but if you need to modify the button layout because you find it uncomfortable or counter-intuitive there are a few programs that will modify the button layout. For example, x360ce is a very simple program to use (I use it for all of my games). It forces the game to think that the controller is an Xbox 360 controller so it is compatible with any and all games that use that controller as it's primary means. Just drop it in the folder with the LEGO LOTR executable (.exe) and run it, basically. Note: This program is not endorsed by...
      » 
Read More


   This controller is one of the best I have ever purchased, but if you need to modify the button layout because you find it uncomfortable or counter-intuitive there are a few programs that will modify the button layout. For example, x360ce is a very simple program to use (I use it for all of my games). It forces the game to think that the controller is an Xbox 360 controller so it is compatible with any and all games that use that controller as it's primary means. Just drop it in the folder with the LEGO LOTR executable (.exe) and run it, basically. Note: This program is not endorsed by Amazon.Beyond that, this controller feels a lot like a PS2 controller. So if you like that ""feel,"" you'll love this controller.
      « 

Show Less"
sadly i don't think there is one. you need to use the cd that comes with the package
I didn't look at the provided mini-CD, which I assume has the device drivers for Windows XP or earlier, because I don't have a DVD drive on my system and I've thrown out the CD. Someone else might be able to help you with that. There are a few free ones around the Internet, like joy2key, but I haven't used them personally. The MAME emulator seems to pick up and use the game controller just fine without them. I also only have a small number of PC games, but they either use XBox controller or can use the built-in Windows driver directly.
It works on my computer with Win8.1
Pretty much anything that is not locked to a specific game type
I talk to etekcity directly and they said it does work for windows 8 but not windows 8.1 or higher. If you like my response please follow TwistedSaiyan on twitter and like us on facebook and subscribe to us on YouTube because we are apart of a special beta test program with Etekcity.
Variable rate
Yes, as long as the game doesn't require you to use sixaxis motion controls. This dose not have motion controls like the standard ps3 controller so you might have trouble playing games like sly4
It's about 8-10 feet.
This controller will work with any game that doesnt require motion function(like the original six axis ps3 controller is capable of) so games like Killzone 2 are going to be unplayable in sections(arming bombs and whatnot)GTAV is good to go, have fun
Not sure if you can use for ps4 its not wireless
Unfortunately, no.  As far as controllers go, it has no advantages over the original PS3 other than comfort but even that is dashed because the tiny shoulder buttons sometimes pinch fingers.
No
Yes, I had to run it in compatibility mode to get it to run well and have better control the scrolling.
Hello Andrew,All games work on XP (sorry for my english)
EA Origin account required
I don't think the online servers are still there (I have never tried to access them) - CNC 4 may be an exception.  You can play multi-player on an internal network.
I never got it to download from EA. DON'T BUY IT. Amazon will NOT REFUND YOU
They do work on windows 8, matter of fact, that's what I play them on.
There are 17 different titles to download. Each ranges between 650mb to 4gb depending on the title i think. I have not downloaded all of them at once... i hope that helps
Not nearly as many bugs, but yes it still has issues (for example, graphics and audio loading issues when a multiplayer round is started). Still fun to play.
Don't forget, Kaija, that you can also just buy a 32GB flash drive and install the game on that.
Yes you can purchase premium through the game main menu it will say store click that and it will bring you to abunch of options you can buy including premium....
If you are referring to the harddrive on the Xbox or the an extra external drive you may purchased than yes. Thats how you save your game progress
No you have to purchase it from the store online............
No I don't think so. But there are switches that can stop vehicles from entering a certain area. You can also have a flashlight on your gun which can blond enemy's. This feature can be toggle on or off. Hope this help
This headset can connect to an Xbox One controller through the (optional purchase) Stereo Headset Adapter from Microsoft.
You need the TV volume. This is a chat headset.
Yes you can still hear sound (from your home surround sound system), they are vented so that they are not sealing out the outside sound. These are just for voice, work well
Plugs into the controller but it's a bad headset really quite
I personally don't own a PS3, but my friend uses it for hers.
You need to enable it within settings under devices I believe. Look through PS4 settings menu. You may need to reboot PS4 afterwards too. Set it to output to headset.
Dont know why you returned,but if you want a wheel for xbox one its your only choice.I love mine.I hate to drive with a controler.
Same style of attachment except better if that helps. I've had both.
There good now you'll still need to updated on a PC to the latest firmware.
No
any 300 watt unit will do, i got a tortech one for 69.00
The people having problems didnt take the time to update to the newest and correct firmware. Even the one I ordered had issues when I first tried it. After the update and applying the correct in game settings, everything worked perfectly and continues to this day. I hope this helps.
I have not had any issues with my wheel.   I use it a lot on my Xbox and some on my pc.   A few friends have had theirs since not long after release without issues.   I was a bit hesitant also when I bought it but I'm glad I ordered one.  Has made Forza horizons so much fun.
120v  the power block is now internal so all you have is about a 5 foot power cord.
I don't know if amazon will let me spell it but here it is http://www.thrustmaster.com/en_US then go to downloads and choose your system thrustmaster dot com just in case you don't see the link
Yes because like me you bought the UK version right or Asian.  End you are trying to play it in the states. Which is a different format and the download content only works on the US version so they match up I bought all the downloads and can't use them either
Yea that is the cover and it does not have spanish subtitles, only English and French
Yes, it has nothing to do with tv itself, it is more related to the console region, but this one is region free so will work on any ps3.
Yes it should my game still works fine
Yes it does , its an amazing game , you could also do a set of multiple characters and arrange them into fights to get to the top
Yes I live in arizona
No amigo solo en ingles tal ves alla otra version en español .. sorry bro its in english maybe there is another version
The options are in english caracters speak japanise but they are subtitles so no problem awesome game for usa fans just make sure the video is from uk region free or english subtitle on thr specs
Is like a story mode with standar fighting check it out on you tube the game play if you like it
Yes it does!
No, it only gives you a code to download the game. If you have no internet or have trouble connecting to the internet you will not have your game you paid for.
I do not know.  My copy come with nitendo hd deluxe.
32GB, just like the deluxe version. About 3GB is used by the system, but you still get about 29GB
No, Wii U system and Gamepad only.
From my experience the battery does not last longer than 5 hours but it's a not a big deal for me because I don't play all day. You can buy 2 gamepads and always keep one charging if you wanna play all day.
When I received it, it had not been opened. It is like if you would buy it from a place like Walmart. Everything is there.
Yes, it has both ports, hdmi and component
No
over-ear.....i dont really recommend buy it bcuz it have a buzzing sound, i mean like the really annoying kind when you connect it or turn it on, but im not sure other products they send to other people have buzzing-sounds or not(i heard that some people do have the same problem). Hope this helps.
Having the lights on does take a lil from the battery without sacrificing allot of power. Note these are led lights and do not consume not as m much power as you think. But having them off will give you  about 30 minutes of extra use after a full charge
No sir. Ours never have.  We use them for 2 totally different features but they can be used on the same game ad well! Just perfect for us!
Yes they are compatible with Xbox one. Having said that you'll need to buy the adapter for the Xbox one controller. They are an excellent head set. You'll eenjoy them.
The tower replace it
No
All I can tell you is that I have used the headset for quite a number of hours now and I can't spot any obvious wear and tear on them.  Still look and function like new.
It takes less than two hours. The longest I have had it for continued used is 6 to 7 hours. Sometimes less depending on the volume configuration and the light setting.
"Yes. Until PS4 patches a third party Ian audio problem, you will have to use the plug to hardwire them into the controller. Cord goes from ""line in"" on headset to bottom audio jack on controller. The problem reportedly will be taken care of, but while it's not patched it doesn't allow for you to adjust Game-Chat audio OR the volume from the headset. You must use the settings on the ps4 menu to adjust volume and game-chat is standard. The only headset actually in full function with ps4 now that I know of is the PS4 gold headset, but with the patch on the way, this one is an obvious choice for me. Quality is amazing and super cool looking.



    Yes. Until PS4 patches a third party Ian audio problem, you will have to use the plug to hardwire them into the controller. Cord goes from ""line in"" on headset to bottom audio jack on controller. The problem reportedly will be taken care of, but while it's not patched it doesn't allow for you to adjust Game-Chat audio OR the volume from the headset. You must use the settings on the ps4 menu to adjust volume and game-chat is standard. The only headset actually in full function with ps4 now that I know of is the PS4 gold headset, but with the patch on the...
      » 
Read More


   Yes. Until PS4 patches a third party Ian audio problem, you will have to use the plug to hardwire them into the controller. Cord goes from ""line in"" on headset to bottom audio jack on controller. The problem reportedly will be taken care of, but while it's not patched it doesn't allow for you to adjust Game-Chat audio OR the volume from the headset. You must use the settings on the ps4 menu to adjust volume and game-chat is standard. The only headset actually in full function with ps4 now that I know of is the PS4 gold headset, but with the patch on the way, this one is an obvious choice for me. Quality is amazing and super cool looking.
      « 

Show Less"
http://steelseries.com/products/audio/steelseries-cross-platform-audiomixer You need this audiomixer for the steelseries siberia elite to be compatible with your ps4.
No, they are very uncomfortable for long hours of gaming as well.
I have not tried this myself, i use them for the computer. There is no button to use voice control so you would have to hit the button on the phone itself, but the microphone itself is of very high quality. It is mono-directional so background noise would be minimal compared to a wire-mounted mic, and because it sits close to your face the sound of your voice will be very clear. I don't know if the iphone would properly detect the microphone because i have never tried it. I will try it with my Iphone 5S and see if things work as they should. I hope that helps
Either faulty or program
I have a 23.5inch/~60cm round head measuring just above the ears.  For me they have held up really well and stay comfortable.
Yes
The one I received from this company has 12. There are 3 rows of 4 in the case I bought for my son.
no
Yes, you could play it in the case but it might hinder some gameplay
It does have the extra cushion since  there is a pocket for games. But to be on the safe side I would take extra  caution  and put your device in as shown facing in, instead of out in case  you  do drop it  and shatter the  screen. My 8 year old is who has the ds and the case, but my 2 year old has tried  to get his hands on it from time to time and when told he can not play with it he throws it. And his ds still works!
"Mrs B, just checked with my grandson, and yes, the DS fits ""perfectly"" in the carrying case.  Pamm"
Yes. Just the case and the small wrist carry strap.
They are not bad at all. The Sanwas seem to return back to neutral faster even though they are a bit easier to push down. If you were going to mod I would recommend replacing the joystick before the buttons. I thought that mod was a major improvement over the stock stick. Hope this helps.
On PC its no difference. The q1 is more compact than the other models but all the same premium parts. The q1 also has no mic port. The buttons are rounded so if your playing street fighter 4, you can execute slide techniques great! Its the business!
No
"You might have to download the Microsoft drivers that are required to use a basic wired controller. Considering at the base level, it's just a controller. If you google ""Microsoft driver 360 wired"" you should get it. It's a small download that'll let you use any wired 360 controller."
A little over 5 feet.
It's made for PC as well. But I only use it on my Xbox. If it's a game that uses the stick and dpad you'll have to switch between the mode button on the top row but can't use it simultaneously
It comes with square gate installed and the circular and octagonal gates in the box.
Diagonals work fine for me. Sorry I don't know why it's not working for you.
I am not experienced with doing so because it comes with it. So I would have to strip the wire and add a new one. Which wouldn't look as nice. In all, pretty hard to replace.
You have to put in codes to get the DLC so it is not recommended that you buy it used.
No. It's just an option to play with people online.
No, sadly, it actually doesn't, the fotus armor was only included in the limited console edition
Rated `M' for Mature... Blood and Violence.
Yes! In fact it used to be different from other FPS titles such as battlefield and cod. Halo is known for its amazing storyline campaign and its unique multiplayer. It's a start of your intrested in getting into the FPS genre.
"There is some mild language, really no further than ""damn"" or ""hell"". I really never have understood the ""M"" rating on the Halo series. However,  it is a shooter and thus you will be shooting things and though the violence is a mild form in comparison to other games. It still implies death and I think that is where it gets it's  ratings mostly. I really find this game to ne more of a ""T"" for Teen rating, but then again, maybe I'm just desensitized..."
It is rated M mainly for violence. I didn't notice any language while playing.
for all xbox one games go to xbox one settings, network then click go offline and all games install faster however when you enable this again youll have an update for the game but its still faster to install
no  all positive language
No it does not
This game is played via controller only though one has the ability to control legions with voice commands via Kinect.
"No you can hold LB instead of using Kinetic during the speaking parts like ""fire volley"" etc"
Unfortunately, there is currently no indicator for Xbox One exclusives on the game covers themselves. I would recommend using a guide such as this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Xbox_One_games.
Yes they are, although the text in the game and menus are all in english.
It has a bonus High School Mode.
You get to read a manga style comic book.  You will get to make some desicions that will affect the outcome.  You may wanna check out some game play video on you tube.
It is basically the same as the PSP game Hakuoki:Demon of the Fleeting Blossom, but it has other features and a bonus game that you can unlock.
Yes, it's backwards compatible.
This is the 8GB set. You may want to have an HDD or flash drive if you buy the 8GB set. Space gets eaten up VERY quickly. After the installation of the huge update you're left with a little over 2GB
The Wii U has all the major streaming services, but it can't play any discs.
Some need only about 30MB, and others need well over a gig.  But, you can add a cheap 32GB SD card for more storage.  Also, keep in mind that for any WIIU games (non-legacy) you are only allowed to download them to an external HD, NOT the internal memory and NOT to the an SD card.
I believe the stated maximum is 32GB, but I would expect that it would support twice that (as many devices do).  If you're you're considering using a large flash memory card as game storage ... commercial flash memory has a limit on the number of times you can write over it is not recommended as devices for long-term storage of downloaded games or save data.  You can get an inexpensive external hard disk drive for around the same $30/$40 as many large capacity SD cards.  An 80Gb or 160 Gb drive can be purchased for under $30.
The system has 8.
No, this was the best wii deal I found on internet. Go for it, I love mine.
Yes
Yes!
They redeem on steam, which does not carry mac versions of the sonic games. You can see the list here, listing only windows as supported. http://store.steampowered.com/sub/26498/
No
I haven't played every game but I know that adventure 1 & 2 , generations, and both racing games support gamepads
Not necessarily. I can run Steam on my pc, but not COD: Ghosts because my Windows version is not 64-bits. That being said, I have the pack and all the games run fine on my Windows 7 PC, I don't believe you will have an issue.
The pack is played through steam so you'll need to have an account with them first before downloading the game. All of this requires an internet connection but to actually play the games there should be an offline mode in steam's settings.
For WoW, you'd want something like the perdition. I've found that mice, no matter the game, well last longer if you ease up on click pressure. It's all subjective though, I've had high end mice die in a few months and bagin bin ones last years. For the price, this mouse is great. Worst case, it doesn't work for you and you move to another.
"i really didn't understand why they called it ""power button"", its just another button and as the other is full customizable at the 5 different profiles.. only one button is not customizable and is a little one located below the mouse and its a profile changer, so its perfect solution for changing from an specific game profile to another one."
Yeah, it's adjustable, using it at the moment it allows for you to fine tune the DPI to get it exactly to the level ya want it. So like, you have get 2,578 dpi if you wanted.
http://redragonzone.com/en/download.aspxthen click on Mammoth Driver, hopefully it works. Or you can contact the company on the website and they might be able to send you something more specific.Hope this helps.
Just looking at it, it is the same. Same specs etc. I have to say this is a great mouse so far.
The left button click is semi-loud in a quiet environment. Nothing crazy though. The right button is quieter. On a 1-10 scale, 10 being VERY LOUD, id give this mouse a 6-7 overall.
yes, the profiles are saved on the hard drive.
"3.25"" wide, 5"" long and 1.7"" deep, it's really pretty big and would be great for fps cuz the side buttons are very easy to reach and really easy to change the DPI on the fly plus its programmable."
Yes, it works without any problem... Tested for 4 months
There really are few option with this game. I don't know anything about making the cards larger, but I know I was really unhappy with the quality. Therefore I don't play it. Sorry, I had to vent.
I like the games sometimes, too, but sometimes I don't.  My favorite is Triple Free Cell, but it takes sort of a long time to play, and a good bit of patience.  Once in a while, when I have finally reached the point so I will win, one of the cards just takes off on its own, drifts right off the page!  And the whole thing freezes.  Nothing more you can do.  Frustrating.
Yes, I think so.  I just downloaded it onto 8.1, and it is running fine.
None. but, I've started enjoying Scorpion a lot. Although it takes a while to get the knack of it, it is actually fun!
My all-in-one game is not at online game.   But, I have seen before that you can see others scores.   Good luck with yours...!  :)
Dear Margie,You have to uninstall old version of the game manually, then you will be able to update the game without any problems.Thank you!
Dear Margie,You have to uninstall old version of the game manually, then you will be able to update the game without any problems.Thank you!
NO.
No it is not. I found the All-in-One Solitaire really disappointing. I deleted it from my computer.
I did download it after some trouble. The game was awful and Norton said it may have a virus. I deleted it from my computer. Just glad it was as cheap as it was.
I would assume so, but you should do more online research before purchasing.
I really can't give a specific answer for the X 55. but I have the X 52 Pro and am well pleased with the sensitivity. Also you can get a paid version of the FS4UIPC and that opens up a lot of options in FSX for all controllers.Sorry I cant be more specific, but if it is as good as the X 52 Pro, and has dual throttle functions, may be worth the price difference. Also the X 55 requires 2 free usb ports while the X 52 requires only one. The x 52 Stick connects to the throttle and the throttle connects to usb.
The trigger is single stage.
no & no
The X52's stick was way to loose for me for precision corrections. It also had a dead zone that I just didn't like.  X-55 is much, much better.
Yes, you can change the colors from blue, red, green, amber on throttle and joystick.
the game is included in the box
No, this PS3 cannot play PS2 games. The PS3 model that allows PS2 back-play essentially has a PS2 inside that allows the back-ward compatibility, making that model MUCH heavier. PSone playback however is possible. Of course, PS2 games that have been brought into the PSN for digital download for the PS3 can play on here.
I bought it for my son so who lives out of state so I don't know. If you live in America call gamestop or look one up online and call and ask them and they will probably be more able to answer your questions. The reason I bought the PS3 instead of the ps4 is because you can still get online free with PS3, they are still making games for PS3 and lastly I read online the ps4 has been having a lot of issues and the PS3 have been around a lot longer and for the most part have already fixed their glitches. Good luck bro and I do recommend this product coming from a happy dad who son loves it :-).
"Is it really that hard to comprehend the obvious? I mean, let's excuse juicy bits like the 3DS logo on the side of the box, the title of the game HINTING at the ""3"" in 3DS, and/or the fact that the 3DS itself has been out for three years so far now. Yet, you're terribly ignorant of what hardware this game is compatible with? Ah, and research continues to remain underrated. Boy, when people ask incredibly STUPID questions like this, they really prove that there IS such a thing as a STUPID question."
Let me answer this carefully.  You can play up to four people with ONE cartridge within the Kirby Figthers mode.  The other three systems must use the download play feature on their systems but it works and only one cartridge is needed.  Each person must have their own system and be in the same room with the one who has the cart in theirs.  There is no adventure mode multiplayer so they cannot follow the adventure storyline within the game.  Does that help?
"I would say yes. The normal Kirby controls are very basic. You have movement with the analog stick or D-Pad with pressing Up causing Kirby to suck in air and start to fly. A jump button, a ""suck"" button to draw in the enemies which you can then press Down to gain their powers. That's where the game gets interesting and definitely more complicated. Once an ability has been absorbed the controls change. Your buttons change based on the ability which adds some spice to the game. What's more, if you're getting confused about the controls you can always check the bottom screen for information about how your abilities work.



    I would say yes. The normal Kirby controls are very basic. You have movement with the analog stick or D-Pad with pressing Up causing Kirby to suck in air and start to fly. A jump button, a ""suck"" button to draw in the enemies which you can then press Down to gain their powers. That's where the game gets interesting and definitely more complicated. Once an ability has been absorbed the controls change. Your buttons change based on the ability which adds some spice to the game. What's more, if you're getting confused about the controls you can always check the bottom screen for...
      » 
Read More


   I would say yes. The normal Kirby controls are very basic. You have movement with the analog stick or D-Pad with pressing Up causing Kirby to suck in air and start to fly. A jump button, a ""suck"" button to draw in the enemies which you can then press Down to gain their powers. That's where the game gets interesting and definitely more complicated. Once an ability has been absorbed the controls change. Your buttons change based on the ability which adds some spice to the game. What's more, if you're getting confused about the controls you can always check the bottom screen for information about how your abilities work.
      « 

Show Less"
Yes
Yes
This game may be a bit tame for a 19 year old at first. It does unlock some extra challenges near the end for more advanced players, but this would be best for either younger children or teens, or older players with nostalgia for the original Kirby games for NES and SNES. The main game itself can be beaten in about 8-10 hours give or take.
English
It currently works with all video apps except for Youtube.  The Media Remote will launch the Youtube app if you select it but it won't let you scroll through videos or play anything once you're in the app.  To actually use the app, you need to use your controller, at least until Google updates the Youtube app itself for compatibility with the Media Remote.
"It's like a regular TV remote (it's only ""on"" when it transmits a signal). The only difference is that if you move it the buttons light up."
It uses batteries, although I use rechargeable ones.
"You can use the remote but it is not instant.  You hold the button and a message comes up and you have to arrow up to ""turn off console"".  Not instant but pretty quick."
No. Just the xbox one.
Yeah they change the channel.Do different things depending on application too
No, not that I am aware of.  And with the lack of CEC-HDMI capability, it is doubtful.  The current IR blaster support for receivers is very basic.
No, this works using IR and only communicates with Xbox One right now
It will control any features that the Xbox One can control on the Tivo. So, if the TV app has been set up to control the box, and you can control play/pause, fast forward, and rewind with the Xbox, then the remote can control those features as well. The only difference I have noticed is, you will sometimes have to press the select button after the action button - so to fast forward, you will press the fast forward key (which will show the Xbox controls, with the fast forward option highlighted) then press the select button to send the fast forward command to the box.
no...just single
I don't think you can. Your wii probably needs to be shut down or reset. When you open the cover there should be a red button just push it and it should reset the console. It shouldn't delete anything. If not then the disc needs to be cleaned.
Yes you can I haven't tried yet but it says its compatable
You can use it to replace the sticks on the ps4 controller. See how here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXyoH50xteE .
"J. Yuan is very wrong. They are incredibly different. These thumb sticks should have been originally on the PS4 controller to begin with. The original sticks were made of very crappy material and the rubber tips wear off so fast. With these sticks, you can absolutely feel the difference. They are very responsive because they are slightly taller which means they actually give you more control. No dead zone by what I can find. I played Destiny heavily for a full day with the new sticks and honestly, they are so much more comfortable. Honestly, I say just buy them. They are not expensive and it's an easy swap procedure. I promise you that you will enjoy them. Its hard to describe the feel of them besides that they grip your thumb and stay in place where you want it. Them being slightly taller means you have more control. For me the biggest selling point was the material they are made of. You can just feel that it is a stronger and better quality material. For a controller costing almost $70, you would think they could put a quality rubber on the thumb stick but they didn't. Bad news for Sony. Just buy these and put them in. You will think like me and go, ""Wow! These are the best thing Microsoft ever made for Sony!""



    J. Yuan is very wrong. They are incredibly different. These thumb sticks should have been originally on the PS4 controller to begin with. The original sticks were made of very crappy material and the rubber tips wear off so fast. With these sticks, you can absolutely feel the difference. They are very responsive because they are slightly taller which means they actually give you more control. No dead zone by what I can find. I played Destiny heavily for a full day with the new sticks and honestly, they are so much more comfortable. Honestly, I say just buy them. They are not expensive and...
      » 
Read More


   J. Yuan is very wrong. They are incredibly different. These thumb sticks should have been originally on the PS4 controller to begin with. The original sticks were made of very crappy material and the rubber tips wear off so fast. With these sticks, you can absolutely feel the difference. They are very responsive because they are slightly taller which means they actually give you more control. No dead zone by what I can find. I played Destiny heavily for a full day with the new sticks and honestly, they are so much more comfortable. Honestly, I say just buy them. They are not expensive and it's an easy swap procedure. I promise you that you will enjoy them. Its hard to describe the feel of them besides that they grip your thumb and stay in place where you want it. Them being slightly taller means you have more control. For me the biggest selling point was the material they are made of. You can just feel that it is a stronger and better quality material. For a controller costing almost $70, you would think they could put a quality rubber on the thumb stick but they didn't. Bad news for Sony. Just buy these and put them in. You will think like me and go, ""Wow! These are the best thing Microsoft ever made for Sony!""
      « 

Show Less"
I've had mine for a few months. Only issue I came across was my own issue. I didn't tighten a screw all the way and I thought my sticks where warped. After I tightened it, the sticks worked good.
No
1 set of 2 sticks. They are awesome--far better than the stock PS4 analogs.
It is fairly easy to do. And it will take you 10-15  minutes to do.I would recommend to look for YouTube videos about how to dismantle a DualShock 4, as there are little parts that require attention and be careful to handle.I hope this helps.
Did you even read the description? It clearly says Windows 8, Windows 7, or Windows Vista only. Maybe if you run BootCamp or some type of virtual machine then you could maybe run this but games on a virtual machine are awful. Also this game requires at least 512MB VRAM which most computers do not have unless you have a dedicated graphics card.
I bought on Amazon and then downloaded it thru my steam account. There are directions on amazon on how to download it thru steam
You don't need a steam account to buy it but you do need an account to play it.
yes they are great to run the game with! You can use any type of PC wheel or xbox controller, anything with an axis, as the controllers can be programmed to any part of the game -hunter
To be honest idk srry
I have been seeing a lot of PC Games having this issue playing on Windows 8.1 because they have been configured to play on windows 7,and 8. 8.1 was a free add on for people to customize windows 8 to look and feel like windows 7. You can go to WWW.Microsoft.com/windows8 to uninstall the 8.1 add on so you can have windows 8.0 again. I recommend this until we see games compatable for windows 8.1
Yes wat kind of laptop windows or Mac
Yes you can. I personally download from spintires.nl, but I'm sure there's other websites. Although I should note is that if put mods into the game, you'll not be able to play multiplayer until you take the mods out of the game. BACK UP YOUR FILES!!! I can't stress that enough.  It's a little different adding mods than from the demo version.
